Crissy Santarin | 00:00
Hi Lady Heller, can you hear me? Hello, I mean, how is the influencer miles.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:15
Yes. No, po. My gosh.
Crissy Santarin | 00:23
But in an have no doctor as young I have high immune system. My immune system is good so I have mild symptoms. He yeah, it was actually just a share sharing yeah, sharing with them that I have a I'm influenza a fasitive.
Speaker 3 | 00:35
But I says.
Crissy Santarin | 00:48
[Laughter] Apparently, they have that leveling... I thought it was a Kovid there's different, you know, like I think they call it SARI or something like that, but they said it's influence.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:50
My gosh.
Crissy Santarin | 01:02
The strain that I have is influenza, so.
But yeah, it's the same as having the flu, but probably because I have a high immune system.
Isaac | 01:07
How are you feeling?
Crissy Santarin | 01:14
It just keeps on fighting it so. But yeah, so far so good, and it's final.
Isaac | 01:21
Sorry to hear that, Krisy, sorry to hear that.
Crissy Santarin | 01:22
Yeah.
Isaac | 01:24
How long is it? A little like Covid, it's a few days or do you think yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 01:31
They said it probably would just, be a few that, like for my immune system. Like on when they probably they said they probably would recover in a few days with lots of rest.
So I said, okay, I can sleep. [Laughter] Yeah, well, they canceled every e all the events.
Isaac | 01:45
You're going to go do a marathon?
Crissy Santarin | 01:51
I think over this weekend, the events are canceled. They even announced that the schools are canceled on Monday.
Isaac | 01:56
I think it really medd that you had the tyon wow because of the new clay phon not the one that left yesterday.
Crissy Santarin | 02:02
I think they... Yeah, the new one, we have a new one.
Isaac | 02:07
Yeah, my God. In the same part of the Philippines, so it's further north.
Crissy Santarin | 02:12
No, this is further north.
Speaker 3 | 02:12
This one is northern.
Crissy Santarin | 02:14
North.
Isaac | 02:14
Northern, okay. My God, what's what is going on?
Crissy Santarin | 02:17
So [Laughter] global warming.
Speaker 3 | 02:23
Yeah. Not really, I guess. Because of the flood control project?
Crissy Santarin | 02:27
[Laughter] The Philippines are not prepared. In short.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 02:34
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 02:35
But yeah, basically, I have splitted our meeting today into two parts so that we can focus on gauging how we were able to assess the VS from the last week, right?
Including the typhoon. And if we still have the same feelings regarding Luis's initiative last week where she marked everyone as orange. So, yeah, I want to, probably let's start with Louise, since Louise has that new initiative there where she marked everyone as orange or yellow for the non-engaging ones.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 03:16
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 03:16
So how was that, Lou?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 03:19
So for those people that I marked yellow, they're back to green now.
Crissy Santarin | 03:23
Okay.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 03:23
So what I did, yeah, everyone actually, everyone.
Crissy Santarin | 03:23
Good.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 03:26
So, what I did was actually just... Because usually when we do the check-in, we normally do that on the start of the shift.
But what I did was I checked in on them at random times of the day with a question. So I usually would ask them how things are going. And thankfully, I have actually gotten a very positive response from all the DMs that I handle, including the ones from Applas.
So I've already started introducing myself to them as well. And so far, I think at least 50% of the Atlas GTMs have responded to my messages. So yeah, going back to the outliers from last week, everyone, including those who I don't really hear from on a normal basis, has responded to my simple question. It was really just a simple question of asking them how things are with their client and if they are having difficulties or challenges and really just checking in on them. A welfare check, if I may say so. Yep. Every one that I put on orange last week is back to green now.
So I think I'll continue.
Crissy Santarin | 04:48
Yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 04:48
Yeah, I'll continue doing that. It's just really a matter of making sure that the conversation is engaging so that it doesn't really feel like, if I'm the VA, I don't want to feel like I really have to respond to you.
So, I'm thinking of a few things. I have a few things in mind for the next week, so I'll try out a few things. Of course, if I keep asking the same questions again and again, it becomes really Mary.
Then we end up not getting a response from them anymore. So I'll try to play around with the questioning and with how I start a conversation with them. So yeah, that's going to be my next project, but for this week we are.
Isaac | 05:40
We the meeting with how was your meeting? I heard a bit from Krisy, but from your point of view, how was your meeting with Atlas?
Crissy Santarin | 05:47
The.
Isaac | 05:47
With Umbrea?
Crissy Santarin | 05:47
The widow.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 05:49
Unfortunately, I was not able to join the Atlas meeting earlier this week because that's when the typhoon hit us and we had a blackout.
Crissy Santarin | 05:58
Yup, but I gave her the summary.
Isaac | 05:59
Okay, yes, okay, got it. Okay, I thought you were there, but just not as involved. Okay, no problem. I understand. Yeah, no problem.
Crissy Santarin | 06:09
Yeah, so yeah, but basically we have a follow-up with Andrea, so I actually have... Yeah, we will have... We actually set the up
Isaac | 06:12
Okay, great read.
Crissy Santarin | 06:22
Isaac so it will be... At the end of this month as the next follow-up that we're going to have with Andrea.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 06:23
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 06:28
But we are going to be working... I will actually be meeting Louise later to work on a weekly summary, or actually the initial weekly summary of what we have gathered from the Atlas team.
Isaac | 06:34
Right.
Crissy Santarin | 06:44
And then with actually I want to commend Louise on getting started on the action plans that we have agreed with at lesson that she actually got very good feedback from one of the...
V as there, right? Louise, remember, like we were supposed to... It was even good because Louise was able to uncover it even if it was not an anonymous survey.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:01
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 07:13
Because initially we were supposed to do an anonymous survey so that they can give feedback regarding Atlas or regarding our-assistants and maybe whatever. Louise asked. No was very effective and he actually gave feedback.
Isaac | 07:28
Yeah, wow, well done.
Crissy Santarin | 07:29
Yeah so the feedback was an honest yeah, it was it yeah, I know.
Isaac | 07:32
It's unusual, yeah, it's unusual for the VA to say great coaching.
Crissy Santarin | 07:37
It's actually just an honest feedback. They said that Atlas was giving... Maybe Louise can give the full brief on that with the No feedback where he mentioned about they felt that they're getting overwhelmed because they kept on changing the roles or they kept on changing the.
Speaker 3 | 07:54
Yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:56
They kept on adding tasks and then basically it came up to, like, a compensation issue because for No, who has been doing the task for years now... According to him, if you are getting that much task, that big scope, it's equivalent to this amount, which he is not getting.
So he actually... Bottom line is, he just really wanted to have a conversation and really make sure that, the... What do you call this? We're on the same page with the client. Really make sure that there's pro... How did he say it?
Sorry, because he said it better. Let me just refer to what she had.
Crissy Santarin | 08:45
This is actually a feedback on both sides. AA both on Atlas and for us. So it was that's why, you know, like we normally don't hear that type of feedback. Normally they would say, we're okay.
I have added.
Isaac | 08:59
No news good news kind of, though.
Crissy Santarin | 09:00
Yeah, I have, you know, like, I have added task, but I'm still doing okay. But the one from nor was really like, okay.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 09:08
Yeah, he said, "I'd really appreciate it if we could revisit the expectations for this role and clarify which tasks are considered part of Mike Bordty." So he actually wasn't even complaining. He just really wanted to make sure that the role is still within scope and everything is aligned.
So that's what he said when I did the check-in yesterday and I already brought this up. So I'm not really sure how we are going to proceed with this one, but I think you guys [Laughter] will take it from here.
Crissy Santarin | 09:36
So we can. Yeah. So basically with his feedback on the Atlas one, we can probably give him that role alignment when it comes to the rate that one we can probably review based on what we can gather like they want to hear what the V.
As are going through, right?
How do they feel about the role? How happy are they with Atlas? This is actually a feedback that they ask for, right? So maybe what we can do later when we draft the weekly summary for Andrea Louise is that we keep it anonymous.
So we will say that this was one of our anonymous feedbacks. We took in your...
So how we're going to word it is that we took in your inside to keep equipped with anonymous feedback. When we ask for feedback, this is what we got, one of the anonymous feedbacks we got is that the expectation you need to set up your... Or whatever we probably got something out of the context that the court gave about the expectation.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 10:44
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 10:46
And then we can say, you know, like basically we don't give any opinions. We just have to wait for Atlas on what they take it right like just so that we don't appear bias probably, but we don't mention anything about salary alignment or.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 11:01
Yes, of course.
Crissy Santarin | 11:03
But more on this was the JD that you gave us. So you profiled the candidate based on the interview, based on the placement and all that. This is what the VA was expecting.
But this is the feedback that we got, so maybe we just leave it as vague as possible, like we don't give any comments.
So we probably would just say, based on your initiative, that you would like to get an anonymous feedback survey.
Isaac | 11:24
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 11:32
This is one of the feedbacks we got for this week and just give it like that. No further.
Then we just wait for them on what they say and then in with regards to... Because it seems like hearing from what Nor was saying.
Speaker 3 | 11:42
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 11:50
He just feels that the salary we offered him was not enough because of the role and the additional task.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 11:55
Because of the additional 10.
Crissy Santarin | 11:58
So I think it was more of how Atlas will take this, you know, on how they will take the feedback about expectations settings. And then we're going to wait for them on what they want to say with that.
Then, that's where we do an action plan based on whatever they say. But at least it's an initiative that they have brought up, and we're just technically giving them what they ask. So those are some of the things.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 12:23
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 12:24
So basically, that's how the weekly summary we're going to give to them is going to be. First, we're going to go through the initiative that they went through that they gave us, right? The survey, and this is the result of that survey.
Then, what else did we actually say? Another thing that they have asked is that they have noticed that majority of the Atlassian users rely too much on AI, so I think for everything.
Isaac | 12:57
For the emails.
Crissy Santarin | 13:00
Isaac so one of the things that they don't want to do is restrict AI usage.
Maybe part of your coaching, Louise, is to gage with them once you start your check-ins with the Atlassian team. Maybe even when you do your routine checks, you can ask them how much they know.
I'm not sure how you're going to phrase it, but the thing that they want to gage is how much of their tasks are dependent on AI. You know, if it's emailing, do they trust it 100%?
That's not how they want it, basically. Because of this, they said that's what they have noticed, and that sometimes it doesn't even make sense anymore.
Isaac | 13:49
People say exactly that. People say that there's too much reliance on AI. They normally mean not sense-checking it.
It's like relying too much on Excel. If you're an accountant, you should be using Excel, but you have to sense-check that the numbers feel correct, right? That they're not completely off.
I think this is the equivalent in emails for everybody with AI. I think it's fine to use it, but you have to check that you would actually write it if you were going to write it without AI, but that's the complaints we got from a few clients basically like they become lazy within.
Crissy Santarin | 14:20
Yeah. Correct. So no.
Isaac | 14:28
Yeah, again, El, I think Excel is a good metaphor. You can't do accounting without Excel. You don't use a calculator, but if you just don't check it, not just the formulas, but the final number, the profit should be about 10% of the revenue, for example, or whatever. The thing is, if it's a negative number, what? That something has gone
think that's the equivalent of what we need to train for. For using it for emails. Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 14:51
Correct. So, that's what they were saying. They don't want to reach the point where they want to restrict the use of AI and remove it completely.
But they just want to gauge how really how much are they relying on it and what's their use of AI in their daily
So that's one of the things that they want to probably check in with us on a weekly thing, the feedback.
Then that one of the things that they've noticed is the AI usage, and then like us, we didn't talk about too much of productivity, right? You've actually reviewed the summary, right? Louise, we didn't talk about anything about delivery of this delivery of that, but more on communication, AI, and the feedback.
So, they want to. And it would. She didn't explicitly say that you overly communicate, but what they have noticed is people are holding back with communication to them. So they would probably maybe we can advise our V as to at the start they can communicate more.
You know, like there's no if the client says, you're overly communicating, I don't need this, then that's a good point. You know that means it's already... It really came from them, right?
Okay, you can stop doing this, I trust. So maybe that's one of the things we can get our Atlas, not just Atlas, but maybe everybody on the OA team to implement with all of our V or GTM.
There's no harm in overly communicating apart from annoying the client because you overly report [Laughter] where you are. But at least they know that you're keeping them, keeping tabs with them, right?
So because right now, that's what's lacking apparently, they have to be the one to initiate. Where are you? It's been an hour, or something like it's been two hours since I last heard from you.
It's not just so with Atlas, right? It's like it happens with all our other clients. They normally would say, "Okay, the last time I spoke with..." Not saying anything about Hilario saying...
Sometimes they would say it's just that he's the first one that popped in, in my mind, because the last check-in I had with Gerryl was because of his tardiness. They would say it's already 08:30, still not logged in. Then where is he? It's been an hour since we have been... So we're supposed to expect him.
Speaker 3 | 17:39
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 17:43
He's still not in. Where is he?
They would expect you to notify them or let them know what's actually happening, even when they're sick. One of the things that they have given us feedback on generally is that no one is sick on the day.
All right? They would already have felt unwell long before their shift. So before the end of the shift, even if we started feeling like having sniffles or colds.
Speaker 3 | 18:17
Even before the end of the shift? Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 18:27
It normally happens during the day.
So you know that you're getting sick. So what? The client was saying that you don't... You don't get sick at the start of your shift or something, right? Like not just because you woke up late.
That's early sickness, you know? So that's because they felt that it was more of a... What do you call this? An excuse, right?
Speaker 3 | 18:53
CO to not go to work.
Crissy Santarin | 18:56
That's because that's how you, Eric, like not to go to work. Because you woke up and you felt that you're unwell.
But really, you just woke up late, right? You know, so that's the impression that the clients are getting. So correct.
Speaker 3 | 19:10
It's just professionally saying that I'm lazy to go to work. [Laughter] I'm sick.
Crissy Santarin | 19:14
So, you know, it's my excuse. I was sick, so I woke up late, right? So maybe if they already are feeling... We can have this across everybody as well that if they started feeling anything or if they feel that whatever is happening, obviously if it's not an emergency, then we know. If it's an emergency, but if they started, like, at least they can mention.
Speaker 3 | 19:42
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 19:45
Hey, Shy. I'm not feeling too good today, but I still want to finish my shift.
I would just like to let you know that I'm...
I think I got... I'm catching something, but I will definitely... At least they give us an update. So at least tomorrow if we share with you're the first one that logs in and checks that, unconnecting...
Let's say our perfect example is a scenario where it's still not logged in at 8 am Central, then we can already notify... At least we can... Or at least when you do your check-in, you do one of your action plans with Hillary. You should check in with him an hour before his shift, right?
Speaker 3 | 20:25
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 20:25
So if he doesn't respond to you at 7 am, you already know. Okay, he must be really sick. You can just advise Sarah that we or whatever that... Hillary, you notified us last night that he was not feeling well. You did a check-in at 7 am, he hasn't responded, but we will keep them updated.
Speaker 3 | 20:49
Yeah, it's just a heads-up that, yeah, he might not come to work, but it's not a hundred percent.
Crissy Santarin | 20:52
A heads up, yeah, or some or something like that.
Speaker 3 | 20:57
Sure, something like that.
Crissy Santarin | 20:58
But we're not going to say that it's not going to come to work. We were just saying, we checked in at 07:00 am, we still haven't heard from him, but just letting you know that this is the last update we got from him.
Speaker 3 | 21:01
Yeah, yes, of course. We're just giving a heads upm.
Crissy Santarin | 21:10
So at least they know that I might be expecting him, but I might not be expecting him. So maybe, but at least it gives us a heads-up from us and we at least have... What do they call this? We're forecasting what's going to happen rather than getting surprised.
So where is... I haven't heard a blab... [Laughter] Like we've seen that a few times with the people that they have taken out.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 21:28
Very city area.
Crissy Santarin | 21:34
You know, where's Glemmurry? You know, like the last your wheres Jericho?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 21:37
Yeah, it's a tick-go. [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 21:42
The last update we got from him is that his computer was not responding.
Isaac | 21:43
Yeah not responding. It makes a big difference because from the client's journey point of view, you can imagine they're thinking, "Okay, shall I work with this particular agency?" Can I is it worth me hiring a person for these tasks or should I do everything myself?
Crissy Santarin | 21:48
Not responding?
It's already been two hours, it's almost the end of the day. We still haven't heard from him. So you know, those kind of situations. Rather than the client reaching a out to us. 2.
He.
Isaac | 22:17
If it says, "Yes, can I go to the other side of the world?" You know? Yes, okay, fine, then shall I work with this particular agency?
Crissy Santarin | 22:26
4.
Isaac | 22:27
Are they responsive? Do they care? Are they reliable? Can I trust them?
Then that particular VA, is he a good person, or is she a good person? So these are all ties that hurdles we have to overcome with everything we do. That is the discovery marketing. These are things we have to build when there's a problem. These are all broken one by one.
Crissy Santarin | 22:54
Four, correct?
Isaac | 22:54
And more of these ties that we have, the stronger the chance you can overcome the problems, right? That's the way I see it. So, yeah, just to give you an example, we met Walter the other day from the Gold Cup. Who under the Ver that disappeared?
And yeah, he was very unhappy with the situation. But we met with him, we showed him pictures of what happened in the Philippines. We showed him that we're being as proactive as we can to contact the person and Kyle and to find a replacement and to... We showed sympathy and so on.
He said at the end, "You guys are nice people?" Yeah, please find a replacement and keep me updated. He's not happy, but most likely he's not going to cancel. So that's because we have a few ties into his company, right? We've got the company, the VA, the whole idea of working with the Philippines. We have to basically instill confidence in clients that the Philippines is a good destination despite the storms, basically.
Then we are the best partner for the Philippines. Then the VA that we're putting forward is the best VA that we can find for them. These are three things that we need to build. Then if one of them breaks, we have to hold on to the life of the other one or two remaining ones so we don't lose connection.
Anyway, it's a very poetic way of saying, "The work you guys are doing is very important." Well, the work everyone's doing is very important. You know that our marketing is important so that we look reliable. Our BD is important, so we have good relationships.
Then what you guys are building with the VAs is very important. That's really my pointe.
Crissy Santarin | 24:34
Yeah, agreed.
So basically, since we're just going back to our discussion for the outliers and the reason why we're gearing towards over-communication is because from your last, I think, from the last two to three weeks when I was reviewing our previous meeting notes, the majority of the outliers that you have marked is because of one communication and their attendance, right?
Isaac | 25:01
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 25:04
So. I understand. Louise, good job with getting the communication back with the VA. So, that's definitely a good milestone for the team to actually break through on the non-coms. Do you have any other outliers that we think are going into the red, or are we all good with everybody apart from, obviously, the ones that have attended? We know what happened with the Typhon.
Okay, no problem.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 25:38
Let me just check 9.
Crissy Santarin | 25:40
So while you're checking, how about you, he? Do we have anybody? I know that majority of the ones you handled this week are probably marked as red because of attendance?
Speaker 3 | 25:54
Well, I actually didn't... Just because one, it's just an instance of the typhoon, but what I mark yellow here right now is Hilario because coming from the red mark, I'm now putting him on yellow.
Crissy Santarin | 26:16
Yes.
Speaker 3 | 26:18
Because technically, an hour before the shift, I do informal ins.
Crissy Santarin | 26:24
Yes.
Speaker 3 | 26:25
But, good thing about it is, 30 minutes prior to his shift, he messaged me and even called me. One time, I actually sent out an informal check-in around 15 minutes prior to his shift.
But then good thing he called me and said, "Hey, good morning, I'm already awake." So it's really a working progress in terms of Hilario. So, yeah. Now, should I go ahead and mark red with those GTMs, being absent during the typhoon?
Crissy Santarin | 27:07
Well, the only reason why I would probably mark them red is just so that we can make sure that they're all recovered and that they... So that on your next check-in, you know that they were the reason why they were red, not because of something we feel is wrong, but more on their security as well.
And safe and safety.
Speaker 3 | 27:30
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 27:32
Right?
Isaac | 27:32
Yeah, this is a new system we're doing. Red, I would say, is the likelihood to have a problem.
Crissy Santarin | 27:37
Yeah.
Isaac | 27:38
It may or may not be their fault. Maybe the client can't afford their service, so it's red. Maybe they got struck by lightning. Not their fault, but it's a problem.
Yeah, I would say it's a risk.
Crissy Santarin | 27:48
Yes.
Isaac | 27:50
We're looking at risk profile, not at blame, basically. Okay, yeah, so I agree with Chris.
Crissy Santarin | 27:54
Yeah.
So just so that we have touch points with them, right?
Isaac | 27:59
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 28:01
Like, don't want to have another MIA, you know?
Speaker 3 | 28:07
We don't really want that. Anyway, another yellow that I put from red is Jeff. I was able to, me and Miss Graciy were able to attend Caesar meeting with Caesar.
Crissy Santarin | 28:17
Yeah.
Speaker 3 | 28:22
I heard.
Isaac | 28:22
About that.
Speaker 3 | 28:23
Yeah, and I got.
Isaac | 28:25
How did see that take? I have to go, by the way, in thirty seconds. I have it.
Crissy Santarin | 28:30
Or we can.
Isaac | 28:30
I have it.
Crissy Santarin | 28:30
We can probably cut it short and then like, continue it on our calibration.
Isaac | 28:36
I'm a student of Google as the Christie this week I'm a teacher, I gotta get my notebook and my pen. I'm learning from, like a Canadian fifteen year expert Google Arts. All right, so sorry about that. How did Caesar take the change of the God?
You know, of you being the coach?
Speaker 3 | 28:56
Well, actually, we didn't project it as, not me not having our Casey, not having a good handover, because that's what Miss Krisy advised me. So it's like I told Caesar that we got notes based on the last meetings, but before that, I actually got. I actually had an immediate check in with Jeff to get the details that we need.
Yeah. So at least I'm a bit ready in term when it comes to meeting with Caesar. And I got good feedback from Caesar regarding Jeff. The only thing that he wants to right now is to really mirror. And whatever Ann is doing right now.
So he wanted to mirror it. By Jeff. So not just by SODOD, but track in terms of tracking, in terms of being proactive, in terms of initiating things like initiating to create or to follow up work orders. So those things.
Crissy Santarin | 30:00
Yeah. And we were able to uncover, you know, the possible need in probably Q1 or Q2 of more team members if.
Isaac | 30:01
Fantastic. Yeah, you mentioned to me more fantastic multiple CSRs, yes, fantastic.
Crissy Santarin | 30:13
Yeah. If Jeff lives up with it.
Speaker 3 | 30:16
Yeah.
Isaac | 30:16
So if he survives the winter guys, I'm going to go Krisp, yeah, I'll try and meet CZA in California probably after the Philippines in March. I think it's worth it for them and Prime. It's worth a flight to meet two midsized clients that are going to go. Guys.
By the way, we have help coming. We nearly passed somebody to help you guys, but we're going to keep looking for a great person. We nearly found someone. XJP Morgan, yeah, team leader got a bunch of awards on paper. Great.
I think not good enough, to be honest. I want to keep the standards high in your department. We don't want to dilute your excellent work. Alright, so we are working on it, but we'll... And I'd probably want one or two of you guys to interview them before, by the way, because you guys will be with them day to day.
Okay, I gotta go, guys. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks, guys. So I gotta run.
Crissy Santarin | 31:14
Alr okay, so we can probably just pick up on what we have missed. You know, Krisp didn't want to discuss this for the meeting, but yeah, basically good update with you guys. I like that we have taken some milestones, so at least maritime are milestones in the lab, and Aan is on the milestones at so yeah, again, good job, Louise and Chi. It was definitely a very challenging week, but, Champ, because of KC going where they didn't really feel that we had so much of a strain with missing one person.
But I want to let you guys know that I appreciate that we were able to quickly pick up and move on. Louise, we appreciate you reporting for work despite everything that's happened, but it's heartbreaking.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 32:16
Work is life.
Crissy Santarin | 32:18
It's heartbreaking to see all those photos and everything, especially from the Luan area, right? The Mandawi. I wasn't expecting Mandawi to actually... Because they were so... You and so Faran, but yeah, I truly appreciate your hard work.
Speaker 3 | 32:30
Very.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 32:30
Very heartbreaking because it's mostly reclaimed area. Mandawi is mostly reclaimed area. That's why it's easily flooded. CA.
Crissy Santarin | 32:42
You say for guarding the fort Elm.
Of course, I've already thanked Vic for being your support during the trying times.
I'm a AA to step up in Pakaan and I'm happy that we're building a very good relationship with our V as well because he... In Pakaan, like what Isaac said, it's more of us retaining than we so we have to address it.
So yeah, anyway, good job. So, let's pick it up to our next meeting.
Speaker 3 | 33:20
You're doubling me.
Crissy Santarin | 33:20
Yeah, and then I'll see you later.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 33:23
Okay. Later, by.
Crissy Santarin | 33:24
Thank you, lad. Peace. Bye.