louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:00
Tikto logaho [Laughter] lo. Morning again. Good morning.
Crissy Santarin | 00:11
Yeah. And own week in the day.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 00:23
So we go from one room to another.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:27
Check in, go on that long basis.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 00:31
Tagana [Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:56
Volume my volume.
At least come to me, yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 01:13
Now before check.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:18
Hello double session make-up session. Crazy, I'm a host, I'm.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:29
About me of something up.
Crissy Santarin | 01:38
Exception you know and you say you end matin superhero, yeah, kiniba to respect all our other religions, a mole maram tab AA mej as alum, you know I my head up and so you have seven or the superhero lag dressa as you.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:48
Godbacle 45 [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 02:05
I know, but bazabhing I know Christmas party bazabing Emily Lati Edie o Melan celebrate. [Laughter] They were actually just Leviss telling them that, for the year end, we will have a superhero like, you know, just as your superhero.
That's our team. So instead of having a kickoff for 2026.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 02:27
My god, can you get it.
Crissy Santarin | 02:29
Because we have so many things planned for the 2026. I don't think we can fit in a kickoff party or. So we're just gonna do year-end. So over the year-end, dress as your favorite superhero.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 02:43
Super here, my god, I saw her dressed [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 02:46
[Laughter] So Superman, right?
Isaac | 02:53
Man [Laughter] like it. I have to think who it was. Yeah, I think it's Diana Jones, probably. I don't know. I have to think.
Crissy Santarin | 03:02
Yeah, so we'll have us we'll have the Jessa as your favorite superhero.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 03:03
Yeah?
Crissy Santarin | 03:06
That's our year-end one.
And we're in the final stages, by the way, on...
Well, it's a good thing that right now we have a better-defined team on who's admin. So our admin team already has a few things that we're going to get Isaac to look at for approval purposes in terms of...
But it's going to be good. We are all going to get merch, so instead of the Christmas basket thing, it's going to be different, so... But it is going to be exciting. It's something they can use for every day and everywhere they go.
It's like anywhere you work. I said, I'm just going to give you a sneak preview of what they would be, but you'll hear from it. They will have a customized mouse with OA printed on it. Yeah, a Bluetooth speaker with OA printed on it. An OtterBox bag, an umbrella, and I think a tumbler. everything.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 04:16
Like it?
Crissy Santarin | 04:18
So it's OA. If they work outside of their house, it's like.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 04:23
The tumbler.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 04:24
Like [Laughter] we will have a lot of applicant.
Crissy Santarin | 04:24
Yeah, everything is OA. So it's right.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 04:29
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 04:31
So you would absolutely see you're working on your LA. I was actually even thinking of having a laptop sleeve or a or.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 04:39
Jack it.
Crissy Santarin | 04:41
It's actually true. I actually thought about the jacket, but I figured out who will wear it and... This weather, but.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 04:46
We were married [Laughter] working in the cafe [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 04:50
Yeah, but we're going to start that way.
So that's the initial package. So we are just going to present to you the suppliers that we have sourced already and that can deliver for December so that by our year-end party, everyone will already have received it.
So yeah, but you like that idea. I saya imagine you have like a hundred and fifty people having the umbrella, carrying an umbrella with R SS yeah, so it's not just the bags, right?
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 05:18
Wearing.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 05:19
Yeah it's a good marketing strategy.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 05:22
Marketing it's awesome.
Isaac | 05:24
Yeah it's awesome. Yeah, I can imagine it already.
Crissy Santarin | 05:24
And the mouse, they bring up the mouse, you know, they bring up the mouse instead of, you know, like this plain one, they will have, like, OA in the printed on the mouse.
Isaac | 05:34
So that's awesome, a very good idea.
Crissy Santarin | 05:36
Yeah, I actually chose white as well, so they'll have.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 05:40
I should not have brought a new mouse.
Isaac | 05:44
Okay, maybe... [Laughter] They have money by guarantee.
Crissy Santarin | 05:44
[Laughter] So. Yeah, I do love it, it's shouting OA.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 05:49
But if someone it's like if someone asks you. Where did you get that? You have to apply in our company so you can get those?
Isaac | 05:57
Yeah, you can buy... [Laughter] it.
Crissy Santarin | 05:59
Yeah, so we're actually being, they have power banks, customized power banks printed with a company's bank.
Isaac | 05:59
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 06:09
Yeah, customize power bank. I made sure that's there, right?
So we had that there, so it's like, yeah, so even if they're traveling, they have a power bank, [Laughter] they have a power so it's a combination, right?
Isaac | 06:16
Great idea.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 06:18
Did that...? [Laughter].
Isaac | 06:29
No. Excuse.
Crissy Santarin | 06:30
No excuse. So, you know. So our bank, that's actually part [Laughter] of it, right?
So there. So you've heard it. I think it's better than giving them the Hammon. The Hammon.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 06:43
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 06:43
And because I remember last year, ASA, we were already very gracious of giving them that. They would say, "It's too far from you, then don't pick it up.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 06:50
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 06:52
We're not going to force you to pick up our gift, right? We're giving you a gift. You just have to pick it up. You're not going to buy it, but if you don't want it, then you don't want it.
So now we're going to adjust. It's going to be delivered to their doorstep, right? So because they're entitled.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:08
The [Laughter] OE.
Crissy Santarin | 07:12
[Laughter] Entitled to VON, but... Yeah, but that there... If only we had more time because I was speaking with a supplier.
If they can give us, you know, like the pocket WiFi and then how they do with ours, we would have.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:29
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 07:30
But I you know, like they said like it's too it's crunch time already, but they're gonna have like they agreed with the power we can get go with a power bank and then with the mouse and all that.
So they said that's easy to acquire, so yeah, so but there we go.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:46
Do [Laughter] really.
Crissy Santarin | 07:50
Anyway, this is our third meeting for the day. How was that? It's like, "How are you guys doing so far?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 08:04
Yeah, so far so good. Learning a lot, yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 08:08
Yeah, and that's good, right?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 08:09
Learning a lot.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 08:14
Eye opener. Yeah, we already know the dos and don'ts in terms of coaching, so yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 08:22
So that's actually good, that that's definitely our goal. You know, like, again, it's part of continuous improvement, right? So again, you know, if it has to resonate.
So if we are improving, it was all co.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 08:33
Exactly.
Isaac | 08:34
And not even right or wrong, it's all we think is right. We test it out, basically. Maybe it will cause another problem, and then we have to go back. It's not like we have the answers. What we think is... If something's 60% likely to work, we need to do it and see what
and green.
Crissy Santarin | 08:54
A agree. Okay, so yeah, now it's a different part of our conversation. By the way, I sent you guys a summary of our first two coaching sessions. Then today, actually, this time it's gonna be our usual meet-up with our outlier discussion.
Who wants to start with their VA report?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 09:27
I think I want to start because I have the most number of people of bed for this week.
Crissy Santarin | 09:36
Okay.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 09:37
So that actually made me realize like a few things. I think we already know that, you know, from a few weeks back that, you know, communication is really key to everything.
But it really it's being how do you say this amplifying right now because the V as that I actually let go.
Crissy Santarin | 10:01
And.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 10:01
And that I am about to let go, for example, are later today and even Lea, those are the people that, when I had what they call this coaching session with, they didn't really raise any red flags.
So it was just like the regular coaching session that not a lot is being talked about. So it's just a regular "Hi, hello, how are you doing?" "Are there any challenges?" What I realized from the recent off-boardings is that those GTMs that are not really responsive, even with the daily informal check-ins, they're already like an orange plan. Supposedly, they should be an orange plug already.
So, on my list right now. One second, everyone. So, for everyone that doesn't really respond, react, or I don't really hear from a lot of the times, I mark them orange. So, for example, TJ, not really performance-based, but it's mostly communication.
Because if that happened to Lea and this happened to Shane and Charlene, who I don't really hear from, then I don't want it to happen to TJ and Michelle and those people that I've already started building a relationship with.
So, I marked everyone that doesn't really respond to my messages, like my good mornings and everything. Not saying that I take it personally, but it's something that I want to address in the coming days.
So, I'm thinking of a way to get their attention, probably. So I'm still trying to figure out what I can do there. But basically, those are the people in orange for the GTMs under my bucket.
So yeah, that's it for me. Aside from that, so far I have no one in red, except, of course, the two people from S.TA that will be offboarded later today. But aside from them, everyone is just on the orange flag because of communication.
Isaac | 12:48
Is it worth it for everybody if we have someone who's green offboarded to do some kind of investigation or report or something like that, to see if you can learn any lessons basically, otherwise how are you going to improve our data?
So, yeah, it's a one, though. It's green. Then we have a surprise that I'm obviously most concerned about. Maybe we can do a report. Say, this is the data we had from the client side. This is the data we have from the VA side. This is the data we had as a third party. We saw that they were late, didn't check in. I don't know, though, they weren't absent. This is all the data we have. This is probably what happened here, just so we have a few of these reports so we can try and learn a lesson. Basically, yeah, Casey, you raised your hand.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 13:51
I agree with you, Isaac. Probably doing a root cause of what happened on the behavior side because, for example, with Atlas, they're pretty straightforward about what's happening, right? It seems that they won't be needing this role anymore.
But for most of our clients, we were some sort of surprise. There were even some times that we thought we were actually doing well, but eventually they would have to offboard the person. I think there are two sides to look at on this one.
First is to investigate what's happening on the VA and understand the point of view of the client. Doing an exit interview with them so that we could actually do an apple-to-apple comparison of the investigation we did from the side of the GTM and then from the side of the client. That way we would be able to understand which gap we are going to target the next time.
Isaac | 14:57
I agree. So are you guys able to gather a form or a packet or something with all the different categories? So every time this happens, basically these are the five information sources. We have an exit interview last.
Two check-ins from the client along with the date of the last two check-ins with the VA. You just so we at least have looked into it. Basically, we can systemize these are the five or six information sources we have and then kind of fill it in and see, you know, like a checkbox and see what we can gather as a trend.
Crissy Santarin | 15:32
Hey.
Isaac | 15:39
What do you think?
Crissy Santarin | 15:42
Yeah, I think that would actually work. We're going to start organizing everybody, right? Isaac? So, what we're probably going to do is you can add it as part of the foldering that I advised you guys earlier, maybe creating a spreadsheet for the VA, like an agent file spreadsheet. So that when we actually do the offboarding, all you have to do is fill in those checkboxes. Remember, we're going to create a checklist for them during the onboarding.
So it's going to be in their onboarding folder.
Isaac | 16:22
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 16:24
So maybe if we can keep the same spreadsheet for them so that we can even track them. For example, we can create a tab for them on the tracking their attendance or how many times they have actually been absent for the last duration of their contract with the client.
So we can see it there, or how many coaching sessions have we actually had with them? Maybe we can have it tab by tab for it. So, we have a 201 file,
like they call that with HR, right? But we're just going to put it in a spreadsheet. It's not going to be formal, formal, but just so that Isaac was saying. Just so that when we do an offboarding, it would be easy for us to create a report. Then we can say, okay, for this week, these are the people that have been onboarded,
and from what we've gathered from the data that we had, this was actually the green flag all the way. You know, like no attendance issues, no infractions, no negative comments from the client.
But this particular V, the V that has been assigned this week, is green on some months, orange on some months, red on some months. So basically, we can have a more... What do we call it? Data analytic sort of thing. Obviously, we're not data analysts, but at least a comparison.
Then, from there, we can circle back into our flow into our workflow for our support workflow that may be... Okay, this workflow has not worked for some time now, right? Or let's say it didn't make an impact.
So how do we actually improve it so we can have a basis on where we started and how we are going to improve from there?
Isaac | 18:39
Two.
Crissy Santarin | 18:40
Just like what we did with our calibration earlier, right?
We won't be able to identify those without going through a calibration session, so I think that's what Isaac was trying to have a look there. Maybe it would be better if we start tracking
the lifecycle of the VA with USS.
Isaac | 19:09
Yeah, so we can do that for the next time we meet. If everyone can look at the last... Let's say two people were a surprise higher than expected.
I mean, green to ending it and then just go to the create checklist of the information sources and just fill in a form and let's see if we can standardize it. What do you think?
Crissy Santarin | 19:29
Yeah, I think that's actually good. So maybe we can add it on because it's too soon if we already go through with it tomorrow. [Laughter] Especially we have some action items that we are going to discuss tomorrow regarding the initial initiative that we're going to have, which is the form which we're going to roll out by Monday.
So maybe next Friday on our next.
Isaac | 19:52
No.
Crissy Santarin | 19:55
End of week. Right? On our end of the week, we can probably discuss this in more detail. At least prepare a draft already on how this would work. Maybe we can look at just the ones that have been awarded for October.
Isaac | 20:10
Eight.
Crissy Santarin | 20:11
All the ones that have been onboarded for October. Let's create their life cycle sheet with us and see if we can get something from it.
You don't have to analyze it yet, but maybe we can even discuss whatever you saw on the tracking sheet next Friday. Then we can all pitch in. Just like we did earlier in our calibration, right?
Alright. And then moving forward, we're going to be more systematic every time we onboard someone. They would already have a life cycle tracker with us.
Isaac | 20:55
Right.
Crissy Santarin | 20:55
Yeah, because we're going to try and do that with our client success, right? Isa, we're going to call it the customer journey.
So if we have a customer journey, then why don't we have a VA journey with us?
Isaac | 21:08
I totally agree. Yiy totally agree. And we have more data now, we have more people. We're going to have more data so we can start to see patterns. Do you agree.
Crissy Santarin | 21:16
Yeah, that's it. There we go. See, we have a very productive data day. Okay, so, yeah, I'll like the observation of Luis. By the way, Isaac, of what she has observed, which for me is that some of our VAs are already starting to be non-responsive even to us.
So if they're already non-responsive to us, how much more are they non-responsive to their clients? Right? Because if they were non-responsive to us, we are the ones that released their payroll.
Isaac | 21:58
I was about to say the responsive Tossandra.
Crissy Santarin | 21:59
I mean, yeah, so, you know, so why not respond to us?
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 22:07
Isaa so don't be surprised.
Isaac | 22:09
What's that?
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 22:10
Sandra is as favorite girl. Yeah.
Isaac | 22:14
She she popular?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 22:16
My favorite work. Me [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 22:20
Yeah, so yeah, basically, that's a very good observation of Luis. So I agree with the tagging them as orange. Not because we receive feedback from the client or notice any significant behavioral changes, but more on lack of communication.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 22:34
2.
Crissy Santarin | 22:42
That's a good way to put it. It's a good job on that, Luis. We just probably have to... I like your action plan on it. Right now, no action plan yet, but what your action plan is really to see how you can make them respond back to you, right?
So keep us updated on what you can find since tomorrow.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 23:03
Respond or I don't give you your pay.
Crissy Santarin | 23:03
[Laughter] Or I will tell Sandra to hold your pay.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 23:05
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 23:09
We're gonna hold the hostage.
Isaac | 23:13
Yeah, just send a message. If they don't reply, say, "Hey, we're having an issue with your banking information.
Crissy Santarin | 23:18
[Laughter] Yeah, so, you know, like, let's have a look, like, keep us update on what you can find.
Isaac | 23:18
Can you call me? [Laughter] And when they call, either say, "I just want to get your attention," or you can say, "I've sorted it now, but now you're on the line. Let me talk." Here. [Laughter].
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 23:37
I'm gonna give them a heart attack. [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 23:45
You the reason why it's good to have, sort of like with you guys having free time so you can do your research and improvement on your own practices as well. So that's good. So I guess, Luis, maybe you can keep us updated.
If you find anything, we have free time as well. Tomorrow we're to give that to you because of our... I gave you a list of homework. [Laughter] I give you a list of homework, so included on your homework. No rush, but we appreciate the quick response on this. [Laughter] No, we appreciate that.
If you can... What do they call it? A rack? It's like we're... We pushy but not pushy. [Laughter] Pressure, no pressure, but we'd appreciate it if you can get to it.
Isaac | 24:38
But. Noss. [Laughter] There you go.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 24:42
No pressure. B [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 24:45
ASA [Laughter] yeah, so yeah, thank you so much, Luis. Very again, very good observation.
And, go for it. If you need to tag them orange. If they start not responding to you at all, then feel free if you want to tag them as red because you know it. That means it's already us losing a connection with them. Which I think for me is already a red flag if they start...
You know, if it becomes a habit. Okay. All right, so what's next? Shay? Okay, let's see.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:25
Okay, guys, just wanted to... Because I have been sharing this with Louise and Thel Casey, if you will be doing onboarding and offboarding, the checklist is already in the master file and titled boarding.
Crissy Santarin | 25:42
Okay, just refresh.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:45
Why is it now breaking?
There?
Sorry.
Crissy Santarin | 25:53
Okay, there. It's loading now.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:56
There. Onboarding and offboarding checklists are here. So I guess this is one of the things that we have to copy and paste in the shared SharePoint, right whenever we do onboarding as well.
So we need these things that we need to inform or do during onboarding. And the same goes with boarding.
Crissy Santarin | 26:23
So.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 26:23
So there you go. So up until, emailing client that the GM is already onboard upboarded.
So fair to tell, you know.
Crissy Santarin | 26:36
Got it. Okay, that's good.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 26:38
Okay, yeah, no problem.
Crissy Santarin | 26:39
So at least when you do the 02:01 filing of our P, you can already have a blank sheet of that in there, on their profiles. Thank you so much, Jane.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 26:56
Okay, so for this week, I have 123, I have two reds and three yellows, so the first red is Diana. That is based because of the requested meeting from Rachel to Miss Gray.
And Chy was able to give me some feedback. But then after that, Sheryl or rather, yeah. Sheryl and then, right after that, we did a coaching session with immediate coaching session actually with Diana, and we've talked about some action plans and commitments from her.
So, and it's working. In terms of what I asked actually asked her, just two hours ago, an hour ago that she needs to inform me whenever she incurs any mistakes just to make sure I will collect. It should be every day.
If there's none, then that's really good. But if there is, at least I have the visibility of more of the mistakes that she committed. So at least we can talk about that on the next session.
And then another red for me.
Isaac | 28:08
Is what's the process for updating the client on code chas up to we clear.
Crissy Santarin | 28:12
We will actually update her weekly. Yes, so what?
Isaac | 28:16
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 28:17
So what we have agreed on with Cheryl is we're going to give her a weekly summary of these daily check-ins that Shay is doing with Diana.
Isaac | 28:25
Eight.
Crissy Santarin | 28:27
Until Cheryl tells us to stop. I don't need it anymore.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:30
Stop.
Crissy Santarin | 28:31
Right.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 28:32
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 28:33
Okay. So.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:33
And I guess the action plan for Sheryl's goal for Theana is really nice. It's not something that she's replacing, but to help her grow once she is done with this performance improvement plan.
Crissy Santarin | 28:41
S.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:53
So, yeah, and that's what we are aiming for as well, is to keep. Diana, although we had some personal, I mean, lying issues. The issues of. She lied and lied to us. And lied to. To Sheryl. But I guess it was addressed, yesterday, and she mentioned that it will never happen again.
So what she will do is moving forward, she will, update Sheryl everything every time she needs to, be outside or of, her laptop. Laptop for just like a minute or two. And communication clear communication of what she's doing and, an free environment for her in terms of her tasks.
So that's our that's her commitment. And then in another commitment is, not using assumptions because sometimes it led to committing mistakes. So in for that I would I advise her not to ask questions confirmatory questions instead of her doing.
I mean, deciding on things that she's not one hundred percent sure of, so to eliminate mistakes. So that's for Theana. Now for Jazz. I just got a message from Rachel yesterday that, Jas, was off the off for, an hour or two.
And then I immediately called ras and she he said that, the power box near her his house, explode. And then, she he immediately looking for looked for co working space. And that's the reason why he didn't he wasn't able to, joined the meeting.
But then, the action plan would be moving forward, she will he will buy a power station. And. He said. He messaged me that he already applied for another internet connection, so in case that happens again.
He said he will buy a UPS, so at least just in case, the power shuts down, the internet will still work. So, yeah, and I already responded to Rachel, and she said, "Thank you." Then the Cris.
Isaac | 31:37
What are the backups that recruitment does as part of their checks? They check for backup electricity or telecom or physical computers.
Crissy Santarin | 31:50
They actually go through. I think they ask for all of those. In majority of the time when they do the tech, what do you call this when they ask for... Yeah, the tech check. The VAs will have their backup, having a second computer, and they would say they will have a power station available.
So, I think what we really have to look at in this type of scenario is I would suggest that when this happens, if the VAs' commitment was saying they will have to buy this, we will have to buy that.
Please check with recruitment. What they actually answered during the tech assessment because that's part of our VTA process. So, if they already mentioned that they had that during our tech assessment and then they mentioned to you that they're just in the process of buying it, and that means they lied to us from the start.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 32:52
He can't there's something okay, I will thank you. Okay, next off would be I'll. Are you the unfortunate one? Because part of the meeting with Miss Casey and Sheryl was hilarious. Attendance, really not being absent, but tardiness.
Yeah, and, I reach out to Hilario and I think the case reach out to Hillario and the on the reason behind that is because he took medicine. That is that made him so sleepy.
Crissy Santarin | 33:30
Yeah, but Cheryl said it's not the first time, though.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 33:30
That's why he wasn't able to wake up.
Crissy Santarin | 33:34
It she said that it's always.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 33:35
I think it happened twice.
Crissy Santarin | 33:37
Did it just happen twice?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 33:40
Yeah, I think so this, right there. Casey, I think it's it happened to twice this I think this month or the first time was last month.
Crissy Santarin | 33:48
One.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 33:50
To us twice. I'm not too sure.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 33:53
There's only the reported for me is that he/she reported it twice. I think that was at the end of September. Same thing. Overslept. So the action plan for me here is to make sure that I reach out to him 15 minutes before his log in.
If he doesn't reply via message, I will call him via WhatsApp. That's going to be every day. Me?
Crissy Santarin | 34:30
Is that a commitment you got from him? Or is that just an action plan you gave him?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 34:37
Well, actually, that's going to be an action plan for myself. And I already told him, but I already plotted, an immediate, what do they call this? Immediate check in on Monday. To get his agreement on this. To get his commitment on this. Just to make sure and to make sure it is documented.
Crissy Santarin | 34:51
Yeah. Okay, so I guess, like it's what we have discussed earlier during our calibration.
Maybe it will be good if it's gonna be like this, rather than us being the one thinking about how to resolve this issue, we actually have to give them, you know, like the.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 35:14
The check through to think.
Crissy Santarin | 35:16
Yeah, actually, not even the chance. It should be their burden, you know, just like in court, you know, the burd, the what they call it, the burden of truth will be from the accused or.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 35:18
Okay, yeah.
Accused, yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 35:31
Actually, no, the accused is assumed innocent until proven guilty, right?
Isaac | 35:36
It depends on the country.
Crissy Santarin | 35:36
But [Laughter] it depends on the country, but yeah, but majority of the time.
Isaac | 35:38
Depends on the country.
Crissy Santarin | 35:44
You know, like when you were in the... When they said that the the.
Isaac | 35:48
British law.
Crissy Santarin | 35:49
Yeah, the burden of truth will be coming from the litigator or something like that.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 35:54
They di eate there. Yeah, so guilty I could have proven innocent.
Crissy Santarin | 35:56
But here in the Philippines, it doesn't work like that. Here in the Philippines, if you are a doctor, you have to prove yourself not guilty. So yeah, so I think with them we passed them the burden of that. We're not their lawyers, so we shouldn't even be... Of course, we're the bridge, but we're just a bridge.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 36:10
That's okay. Okay, I will.
Crissy Santarin | 36:26
We're not gonna defend...
Like Isaac gave us... A piece of advice from last time. We're not gonna empower them to lie to the client. We won't be part of that lie.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 36:36
One.
Crissy Santarin | 36:38
So, that's the reason why for this type of accountability, it would be good to get the solution from them, not us, because at the end of the day, if the person is really hard to manage, they would say, "Well, the action plan was not made by me, it was pushed by Shei.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 37:00
Okay, so maybe I'll just ask on Monday right before his shift. I'll get his action plan. It should be coming from him.
Crissy Santarin | 37:09
Yeah, okay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 37:10
Okay. Yeah, no problem.
Isaac | 37:11
People follow anyway. KPIs that they set themselves, right? more.
Crissy Santarin | 37:16
Yeah, so we give them that accountability, they have to make them accountable for their actions. We're not their babysitters, right?
So, alight.
Isaac | 37:28
Okay, no.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 37:31
Cool, next one would be Kristel or Kim.
Crissy Santarin | 37:32
Who's next?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 37:37
Well, actually, it's a bit personal. She requested for a check-in because something came up with her and Mary. So it's just a matter of miscommunication between them.
So when I talked to and since, I originally... When I started, I became the big coordinator of Mary, so it's somewhat... I well, I know her already. I know how she used words in terms of reminding people so you know the difference. I don't know, Louise, if you can say yes to this one, but sometimes if... I don't know.
Maybe this is not the right term, but if you are absa and you're reminding or saying something to someone, sometimes it tends to be a negative one.
Crissy Santarin | 38:40
It's a negative tone.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 38:40
Yes, and how and then.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 38:42
Naturally we have a stronger tone compared to Tagalog. That's why when we talk, some when Tagalog here as Puck in vernacular, they would think that we're fighting with each other. Yeah, that's just our normal way of.
Isaac | 39:02
Pronunciation is more aggressive sounding.
Crissy Santarin | 39:04
Yeah. More aggressively? Correct.
Isaac | 39:07
Yeah, I have friends that speak Arabic. It's the same thing. They always sound like they're shouting at them out. Yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 39:15
They're being friendly. That's it? Yes, that's it. So I actually explained it to Kim that, Mary, definitely I can vouch that she's not mad or she's not angry at her when she gave that reminder. It's just that that's how her way of saying things.
And I think they had an agreement, an argument via chat.
Crissy Santarin | 39:45
They did, they talked it out.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 39:48
YI think. Not yet, but came asking. Kim told me that she will reach out to Mary on Saturday because I asked her if she wants me to intervene.
So have a meeting between the three of us. And Kim said, she might ask for my help if the result of their conversations is not really good.
Crissy Santarin | 40:15
Yeah, but by the way, this is like one of the HOA girls, like Mary was.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 40:16
So but yeah, HOA. Girls, yeah, team lead, yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 40:20
Mary was one of the first three. So she's the OG, one of the OS there and then. Crystal is one of the newer ones. I guess, in this type of scenario, Sha, if it's like a feud between teammates, rather than you giving a guarantee that that's what Mary was saying or, you know, like what?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 40:52
4 yeah, that's what I did, but.
Crissy Santarin | 40:52
What? Probably how we would have handled it would be. Just listen to Kim.
Then, don't give her reassurances.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 41:04
Yeah, but actually, just so you know, Miss Crystal, prior to the conversation with Kim, Mary already called me about it, and she's really apologizing because that's not how what she wants to relate to Kim.
So I think I have already a bit of a knowledge of what had happened.
Crissy Santarin | 41:27
Okay?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 41:27
So I have the two sides of stories already.
Crissy Santarin | 41:29
Yeah. And so even if we have two sides of this, it's one of the things I've actually learned when I was when I had my Sigma with leadership, how to coach someone uncoachable.
Something like that that's part of the subject that we have.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 41:45
Look it.
Crissy Santarin | 41:46
Or you know, like because one of the things that we did when I was like just sharing with you on my experience when I was doing sixig mis that how would you coach an agent that let's say, you know, their teammate complain because they have body odor? How would you actually coach someone like that?
That's so that that's the assignment that I got when during my when I was taking my Si Sigma. But basically it's that it's like that. So what I've learned from there is you listen to them first, but don't be the one to say, "Okay, I heard from Mary that this is..." You forgive them or like that's not what... They just hear them out and then ask them, "Just ask them."
Like what? How they feel about what happened. If they were the one that opened up, they were the one that just listened, just be a listener because... Then maybe then that's when you suggest. Would you like us to schedule a three-way meeting so that we can get this resolved?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 42:49
Yes, three yeah, between them.
Crissy Santarin | 42:58
Or would you like to resolve this by yourselves?
Yeah, because again, here you should not be okay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 43:05
Yeah, I didn't I never I didn't.
Crissy Santarin | 43:09
Mary said this. Mary didn't mean it. So I guess I like.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 43:15
Kim.
Crissy Santarin | 43:16
You know, because hearing from how you mentioned it seems it feels like you're reassured, Kims, so.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 43:22
No, I was saying that I am vouching that when Mary said that, they said those reminders are not in the term, are not meant to be, not meant to harm Kim.
It's just that that's how her way of saying things. But I never said, Kim, that I know the whole story or the story of Mary. So I know. It's like I reassure her that I never may.
Crissy Santarin | 43:48
Okay, yeah, but.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 43:49
I never... Side of side things between them?
Crissy Santarin | 43:53
I think I guess my take on this still is you. So you mentioned you vouched for Mary. What if you vouched... Wrong, you know, like it.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 44:02
No, of course. I'm not going to vouch.
Crissy Santarin | 44:02
[Laughter] So, yeah, no, but, you know, like, coming from someone that's not involved in that story, I would probably say, I will take myself out.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 44:04
If. I didn't know Mary's side, so.
Crissy Santarin | 44:17
Like Isaac gave us as a piece of advice before. This is a misunderstanding between two teammates that they should resolve by themselves. Unless they ask for help, you need to step in. I guess we shouldn't even give our opinion because it feels like if you gave them your opinion, your view, or your take on the situation...
I'm not saying you did something wrong here. It's just like maybe on how we can improve that conversation probably, yeah, we have to be in neutral grounds.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 44:53
Okay? Yeah, that's what we always do, we never.
Crissy Santarin | 44:57
Yeah, icutmakers maybe if I can yeah.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 45:01
Fine.
Isaac | 45:01
Line. a fine line. We want to help and get involved, but we don't want to take sides. It's a.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 45:08
Yes, of course.
Isaac | 45:09
Definitely. It's not. It's more of an art than a science. But, yeah, we need to try to adjust our guidelines as we go.
Crissy Santarin | 45:15
So I guess, with Kim, if she's narrow-minded, which I hope she's not, she would think Missche is siding with Mary.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 45:27
No, Miss Christ is... Sorry, I made sure that she will never feel that way because, initially, she was the one who asked me if I can talk to her. Technically, it's not something that's a scheduled check-in.
It's just that this check-in was really plotted yesterday, but prior to that, she was actually messaging me on Saturday last week. And if I can talk to her prior to.
Crissy Santarin | 45:54
So she just needed someone to talk to and listen.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 45:57
Yes. Yes, that's it, actually, so listen to her exactly, that's what I what happened.
Crissy Santarin | 46:01
Yeah, I think it would have probably been better if we didn't say anything on Mary's side. I'm just playing the devil's advocate there, okay?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 46:10
I didn't, no, yeah, I guess.
Crissy Santarin | 46:15
Because the student can say, "Okay, I didn't take take.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 46:15
Yeah, I understand.
Crissy Santarin | 46:17
I'm not taking offense at your face. If I'm narrow-minded, I won't make you feel that way. I would say, "Okay, understand."
But deep in my heart, I would say, "Okay, if she's telling me that, it means she is siding with Mary, or she already spoke with Mary.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 46:38
Yeah, well, I can guarantee that that's something that she never felt because when I explained to her that Mary is a messiah.
Crissy Santarin | 46:47
Okay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 46:53
Sometimes, the way she says things is not really what she meant that way. She said something like, "I already thought about that, too." Because of her tone.
Because of how... I mean, yeah, technically, I just made sure that she never felt that way, and that's the reason why I asked if they want to have a meeting with Mary and me.
But then she said, "I will try to talk to her first. Now, if the talk is not going to be a result in a positive result, then she will definitely ask for my help." So that's what she said. So, okay, no problems with that.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 47:43
On this one, if I were in the situation, let me circle back on what Christ is pointing out here. I think the best way was actually to let them vent, but not to resolve it, really not to bridge.
I mean, the intention was there to make up with people, but I don't think it'll be certain on that conversation. Certain conversations don't really make sense that we don't get involved. I think what Casey was pointing out was just listening to them. You listen to Mary,
and then you listen to Crystal at the same time. Without giving them any personal thought about how they behave on both sides, eventually, I think it takes time as well to resolve things.
Sometimes there are personal issues that are not really applicable to talk about in a certain conversation. I think... Yeah, so I guess that is where Percy is coming from if I'm perceiving it that way.
Because if I were the coach and I were in the same situation, what I will do, actually, is just let Crystal vent. If there is... Actually, if Mary is not going to reach out to me, I won't be bringing it up to her.
But if she will bring it up to me, then I will listen, but I will not tell what happened on my conversation with Krisp. Then we'll just leave it that way. If they wanted to reconcile their way, definitely they can do that in a check-in scenario because I don't think that would be something needed. Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 49:46
Yeah, actually, thank you. Pay that. That's actually what I was trying to like. That's the reason why we probably would have held back a little bit of saying, "I can vouch for Mary." Or it's her culture or it's like because I'm just saying, if I'm narrow-minded, I would think that's okay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 50:05
Yeah.
She might perceive it wrongly.
Crissy Santarin | 50:08
So even if you try to pacify it and if you even if you try to make sure that during your conversation it sounded fair, at the end of the day, you'll never know what the VA will think.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 50:09
Yeah, very wrong.
Yeah, okay, got it.
Crissy Santarin | 50:21
Because again, you mentioned another person during your conversation. Okay, all right. Okay, so, yeah, so next who comes next?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 50:30
Okay, last one is Diana. She's on yellow. This was because.
Isaac | 50:40
Who is the Trestone?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 50:43
She is the part-time one under the accounting department. So, I actually had a check-in with Ross, which is now the property manager, and then I just mentioned the Ross that there is someone new in that department. I actually Ross mentioned it that there was a new team member, and they really thought it was from OA. Her name is Wendy.
Then I told Ross that she's not part of OA. Then I think they had a... Ross and Jason had a conversation about it, and Jason is very happy with Wendy. But then for Diana, she's a bit frustrated. He's a bit frustrated, simply because there are tasks that should be done at an earlier time.
But what the NR is doing right now is that she is doing it right a day or two before the deadline. But the problem there is those things should have an approval from Jason. So what's really happening is that. Jason is cramming, doing approvals for those things. Diana is, for Diana's task, so...
And then, sometimes it ends up finishing it after the deadline, so that's why Ross said that from Jason, so... And, yeah, since she's only time.
Crissy Santarin | 52:19
So it's like feedback, client feedback, technically, because Ross is the acting team leader for everyone in Kstone right now.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 52:20
And Wendy? Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 52:32
Okay, so what? Did you already have a conversation with the NR?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 52:36
With Diana, not yet. I'll check in for next week, early next week. I guess I'm going to have it on Monday.
And remember, Miss Christs, I already mentioned this to you, and you said... I said that she should step up because she's only part-time and the other one is full-time. You said that she really needs to step up.
Otherwise, we may lose her?
Crissy Santarin | 53:02
Yeah, but obviously that's not a conversation you're going to tell her, [Laughter] okay?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:06
Of course not.
Crissy Santarin | 53:07
So let's not use termination as a leverage when we have a conversation with them. It's more.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:13
Of course. No, I... Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 53:15
I guess it's gonna be a good avenue for you to put into practice our self-assessment form before you even bring out the fee.
Because I guess it's not even an official feedback either, right?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:28
Yeah, I'm not.
Crissy Santarin | 53:28
Like I got this correctly, they haven't course it through the NRR yet. Who's the SOTATE?
Right, okay, so this is inside information. We got it from Ross.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:42
Yeah, of.
Crissy Santarin | 53:44
But we shouldn't tell them that we received feedback regarding her.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:47
Yes, of course.
Crissy Santarin | 53:48
Regarding her output.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:48
Of course. It's noticial.
Crissy Santarin | 53:53
Right. So if we want to help her improve, let's start with her assessment.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:54
0822 it.
Crissy Santarin | 54:01
Then we can actually get it from there.
We can get a background. Okay, whatever. DA and AA said it's not matching up with what Joel and the team leader Ross is saying. So that's like think that one. So that self-assessment one, maybe you can even start having her.
You know, maybe she has narcissistic tendencies and she would say everything's going well, I'm perfect. I haven't committed any mistakes. Then we know already. It's an attitude problem, not a skill problem, right?
Yeah, but.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:40
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 54:40
Yeah, but I guess, on the attack there when you have your coaching with an AA is to make her do the assessment.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:49
He did, I will, okay, of course, yes, okay, that's it for me.
Crissy Santarin | 54:49
That's not mentioning anything about hearing a beta. Okay. Okay. Thanks.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 55:02
Sayy can you guys hear me?
Crissy Santarin | 55:05
Katie.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 55:17
Yeah, perfect. The KPI for my GTM. So basically, I have Mona on the red. I was battling it for the last three weeks since they've expressed their intention that they wanted to get rid of Mona.
So one thing that surprised me was actually Kesha. Well, based on their feedback, it's not really about the performance currently, rather, they won't be needing her on the progress that they will be doing. Hence, they are not really, their capability is not enough to be on the next level of the growth that they would like to be.
So that's with Atlas. But one win for me, probably, is the journey that I've gone through. Jep, because I've been battling this since the last two weeks of September, and I think we are moving in the right direction with her, with him. Remember Isaac? One thing that bothers me when we talked to Caesar was that he told us that if Jeff is not successful on the performance improvement plan, they won't be hiring until January or February next year.
My goal was really to pull it through until the end of the year. Whatever it is, and then it's a little bit of hard work here. Understand Caesar's point of view, time after time. Do a lot of not only informal check-ins but actually different checks on a daily basis at a different timing.
So I sent Jeff a message at the start of the day, in a casual hour, mid-day, and at the end of the day. You know those things. I guess it's moving. We are moving in the right direction. I just wanted to show you the feedback from Caesar.
So I think, thank you, Tracy, for doing the check-in as well with Caesar. So first is his feedback on the end of day of Jeff because one thing that I uncovered was one of the reasons why Caesar is not happy was actually the very limited visibility of what Jeff is doing
and the type of follow-ups, the type of things he's doing to be on top of follow-ups. So at a certain point, I am looking at his end of day. So I told him I wanted him to make sure that he is including myself
so that I can personally look at it, read it, and give you feedback about it for your end of day. This is what Caesar told Jeff for the improvement that we're getting on his report.
So Caesar said this is a solid update, great work, keep up the good work. Then I think obviously did a check-in as well with Caesar about what's happening with Jeff yesterday. And then Caesar said, "This week, this week has seen great updates." Let's continue the support for now.
I think the next level for Jeff is consistency. So, that's consistency on my end in making sure that I'm not dropping the ball on him. He will not be dropping the ball as well. So, we're almost there. We're getting right.
Then another one that I am looking closely at is the same attack that I'm doing, the same game plan that I'm doing at any time of the day. I just check on how you're doing, what's happening there. Are there any... What are you talking about right now? Are the house steps working for you and things like that? On the first day and an initial approval,
that is what our agreement is. By the end of the week, I'm supposed to send her a show how it's working. Then I told her that we ought to be appreciating it if she could. So, she's doing with Roma weekly is actually targeted.
So yeah, that is what is happening. So hopefully, the first goal and I think the first win is once Roma hits the first one. So, I'm just hopefully.
Isaac | 01:00:50
That's a most unlucky client. A most unlucky client, actually. No.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:00:57
Sorry, what's that?
Isaac | 01:00:57
Aaa Roma is for Chapin, right? Yes, they are our most unfortunate client. I feel very bad for them. Very nice couple. I've had dinner with them. Very nice. And, yeah, they've had, I think, the biggest turnover out of all of our clients.
I think for the one yeah.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:01:17
But this shows, on the other side of it, clicking the page, it shows how loyal they are with us, Isaac, despite... I mean, they got for people that we replace already, but then they're still there, and they understand.
So I think that relationship is quite solid. So, yeah, that's it for me. This is our crusade. She was laughing, and he said that he was worried that probably the same thing, the same joke, that they are having internally, that they might be the last person who got that, who died, might cast a spell on the road.
That's why they cannot.
Crissy Santarin | 01:02:23
[Laughter].
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:02:25
But I told them hopefully this time with in with, you know, with spiritual intervention and hard work. Hopefully.
Isaac | 01:02:34
Yes. Alright. Thanks, Ky.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:02:40
A good.
Isaac | 01:02:42
All right. Percy. Anything else?
Crissy Santarin | 01:02:45
Yeah, I think that's all good. Definitely getting better at identifying outliers or any potential outliers for us and what we actually need to do.
So definitely today is a very good way to catch up on things and to recalibrate on our current processes. What we could improve on and how we can better handle different types of situations. Then from there again, it's always continuous improvement for us because we handle people, all right.
People are the most complex of all systems. So we really cannot... Yeah, right. So we that's why it's always evolving. So maybe, for example, the coaching or the conversation you used to have with VA was working three months ago, but now it's not getting through to them. Then we have to look at
it. Okay, what can I do to get that conversation going? Just like Luis mentioned, I'm going to all mark them yellow now or orange now because we lost that connection. Because it could be like that, it's the same thing that we have identified with some of our clients, right? They don't give feedback.
Then eventually, two to three months after the ghosting period, we will just receive a communication. "Hey, guys, please cancel this invoice." I won't be renewing for next month. A very simple...
Like what we've received recently. Too late already for us to do an auction. So the sooner we identify that we are being ghosted, the sooner, you know, me and Isaac can actually step in and see what we can do. Client side, right?
Obviously, for you guys, you are advocates of the VAs, but for me and Isaac, we are advocates of our clients. In between, that's the reason why we have a catch-up all the time is for us to see how we can actually make sure that it's an ongoing collaboration.
But at the end of the day, we would always side with the client because that's where we follow the money trail, right?
Isaac | 01:05:28
Suddenly they have a more controllable situation for sure.
Crissy Santarin | 01:05:29
So correct. So yeah.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:05:33
Because we wear this owner's hand all the time.
Crissy Santarin | 01:05:35
So no matter how good our conversation is or relationship is with the VA, if the client already says no chance, we won't.
Isaac | 01:05:45
Sorry, it's too late.
Crissy Santarin | 01:05:47
Yeah, we won't even try to react with the client and say retain them.
Isaac | 01:05:50
Yeah, we never persuaded a client to not cancel before. We tried a couple of times. It's impossible. Once you say cancel, that's it. If they say I'm considering canceling, then, yeah, they're giving us a choic.
Crissy Santarin | 01:06:03
Yes. We don't even count on saying for them to retain the same person. We actually already give them another option. Yeah, we already prepare a replacement for them.
So that's why I know that with you guys, it would be... You're actually the one that's going to be what you call this. Going to be most affected if you get too close with your V. It's one of the things that I've learned when I became a lead for a HA center,
knowing everybody and knowing who their kids are, who their partners are, who they're married to. It's stepping away from the closeness, so we have to make sure that we're close, but if it's work, we can be friends outside the work, but during work hours, we are working professionals know?
Isaac | 01:07:03
Friend.
Crissy Santarin | 01:07:09
Yeah. We are working professionals here.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:07:12
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 01:07:12
Jo, with me. Later.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:07:15
[Laughter] But not now.
Crissy Santarin | 01:07:16
But yeah, but not now, let's talk about it. So, but yeah, but basically, that's how we have established here. We have to have clear guidelines.
I think that that's one we have to establish. I think coming out of today, on all our realizations for today, we have to come out of emotions. Maybe that's why people tag me as emotionless sometimes.
For me, emotion sometimes is a time waster. Before I actually react with emotion, I already think of what's my next step. Then once I have my action plan, I would then get back. Okay, should I actually have been more soft into handling this?
That's why people sometimes think I'm emotionless. It's because my mind already has five steps ahead, not just two. It already played many scenarios in my mind before I would say bye. I felt pity for you. I feel sad. I feel because I think that's... I'm not saying you guys are not to feel important, but I know it's hard to build a connection with the V. I think that's where empathy would come in. Empathize with them, but don't sympathize with them.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:08:34
No we would sympathize. Yes. True, I agree, yes, yeah, but never.
Crissy Santarin | 01:08:36
So that's two different things. Let's just retain the empathy, but let's not be the same. Yeah, so that's a thing, okay?
Isaac | 01:08:43
Never sympathy, sure, not to be it's not a... It's Stoic, but I think it is a word stoic.
Crissy Santarin | 01:08:46
So let's get that, yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:08:54
I'm sorry, what's the word again?
Isaac | 01:08:58
Stoic. The Greek philosophy. Greek, yeah. Greek philosophy.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:09:03
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:03
So there goes another iconic moment for Isaac. We have to bring it out [Laughter]... yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:09:10
I'm GP it. [Laughter].
Isaac | 01:09:15
I think that's what Christian is describing herself.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:18
Yes, [Laughter] it's probably because, you know, until now my fav you know what my favorite book is?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:09:23
Showing no emotion or complaint, even in pain, difficulty or hush. I got.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:34
The Art of War. Until now that's still my favorite book, like that's my number one book.
Isaac | 01:09:39
Very good.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:43
The Art of War.
Isaac | 01:09:44
Yeah, a lot of it about not getting involved in battles that are irrelevant. You can't win, right.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:50
Yes. Yeah. You know, I always choose to be a winner, so no matter, at the end of the day, I will be the winner.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 01:09:53
I shall start reading.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:59
[Laughter] The Art of War.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 01:10:01
Like attitude.
Isaac | 01:10:04
We definitely like definitely.
Crissy Santarin | 01:10:05
No, but I think if there are so many things you can learn from there, The Art of War...
Yeah, like sometimes I circle it with Atomic Habits, not your shoes out, like not leaving your shoes out.
Isaac | 01:10:14
Yeah, it's good to remind me. I haven't been ready for a long time actually. Yeah, next to the door, yeah, but no, Art of War.
Crissy Santarin | 01:10:19
[Laughter].
Isaac | 01:10:23
I haven't read for like 10-15 years, I kind of forgot 99% of it. That's good, you reminded me.
Crissy Santarin | 01:10:29
Yeah, it's a good podcast as well.
Isaac | 01:10:30
It's a good one, I'll reread an work.
Crissy Santarin | 01:10:33
Like a audio book. When I run ca it's a mental game, you know, like when what?
Isaac | 01:10:39
Did they do it like in read it in a Chinese accent?
Crissy Santarin | 01:10:44
It depends. I actually I think I downloaded one audio book where it sounded sort of the person sounded like Jackie Chan has a it's a.
Isaac | 01:10:58
Chinese? It was like the Chinese philosopher. I wonder if they try to dramatize it with an accentu.
Crissy Santarin | 01:11:02
[Laughter] Yeah, so I think it depends on what you have downloaded,
but at one point, because I've been... That book, sometimes I cycle it through, you know, on what I want to... It depends on how I feel. Sometimes, I feel...
So if I'm overwhelmed or something, sometimes I even go with the chicken soup for the soul or something like that. If I want to, but... Yeah, but this I cycle it through and then I.
Isaac | 01:11:33
A good one.
Crissy Santarin | 01:11:34
Yeah, so, yeah, but there you go.
Isaac | 01:11:37
Basically starting a book club.
Crissy Santarin | 01:11:38
[Laughter] We're starting a book club or maybe an audio book club or a podcast.
So, yeah, [Laughter] you have to read.
Isaac | 01:11:46
And no using Alexa for the summary. You have to read it, right? If you join a book club now, you can just chat it with you on the way to the meeting.
Crissy Santarin | 01:11:56
[Laughter] Yeah, but there... But there you go, guys. That's why I was focusing with you guys on the importance of those free three hours that you have. If I'm given a three-hour slot, I probably would have created automations for you guys.
Isaac | 01:12:09
M.
Crissy Santarin | 01:12:13
If I have three hours, I would create all that. I can get the form into a PDF file. Automation. I can do that for you. Something like that. I could probably create a dashboard for everybody, but it's very challenging right now with our timing.
At least we found time to actually go through everything with integration. I think it's a good timing that we're looking into it as well, right? So when.
Isaac | 01:12:48
Yeah, we're about to get busy on public cancellations and hirings both, you know, replacements in the next couple of... Then I think next we're busy on hiring.
I think we're going to grow very fast.
Crissy Santarin | 01:13:03
Agree. So, yeah, so, and Monday is a new month, right? So, yeah, there are so many changes there.
Isaac | 01:13:13
Thed.
Crissy Santarin | 01:13:15
So it's like a new month, new beginnings for us, so it'd be a good timing to implement all our initiatives.
Okay, so there we go, everybody. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day and then we'll catch up tomorrow. I'm excited about our homework with our self-assessment. So feel free to share with us.
If you feel inspired to read another book that would have helped you or a course you would like to take, feel free to share that with our meeting tomorrow. Okay? Alright. See you. Everyone.
Isaac | 01:13:55
Thanks, everybody.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:13:57
To see everyone.
Isaac | 01:13:58
Thanks, Percy.
Crissy Santarin | 01:13:58
Thank you, Guys.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:14:00
Bye.