louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:00
I'm tired. I haven't had enough rest.
Crissy Santarin | 00:01
Good morning. How are you? Louise? It's only a minute about me.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:09
But yeah. I asa me but went along posano sleep and dress over the week awful men noy sailing slacca.
Crissy Santarin | 00:15
Final stretch. Anne... Shek... Plan of attack for the Christmas and New Year's Week. Hey, Liza.
Speaker 3 | 00:35
And...
Crissy Santarin | 00:36
Good morning. So we're actually just catching up, so with Lou as well.
She's just telling me that they didn't have a chance to really catch up yet. Her and Sha...
Speaker 3 | 00:48
All right. Okay, you came back today?
Crissy Santarin | 00:50
Yeah, yes.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:53
Yeah. We have plenty of time today. Helping her. I think she's just doing a...
Crissy Santarin | 01:06
Yeah, she's here now.
There we go. Sorry, all good. Alright. So yeah. I think we can just have this maybe just a very quick one that we can have because it's going to be compressed between our outlier discussion.
Then basically I just want to check with you guys on how we are with the holiday season. Now the two weeks holiday on confirmation from clients and VA schedule on that. I just want to check on
that. So maybe we can start with the outlier discussion. So I want to go first, Lou. Just a few, really. Number one is for me because I know America has already been off-bed. But my top outlier for this week's tale is going to be checked in from Atlas for the same reason from less time.
So I'm still putting him on your head because it's been pretty inconsistent this week. We've had a few... Not really a problem. But we've had a few instances with him, so I'm keeping a close eye on him. Hopefully, he responds to my message today because I really wanted to meet him before the weekend so we can have plans for next week.
Because I didn't get to meet him last Monday, I set up a meeting with him last Monday, but I didn't get to meet him because I know I was absent. Anyway, my plan is to meet him. Maybe just a quick five-minute talk, just to really make sure that we set things up before Mondays. Next is not so much of an... Next is actually... At this point, we haven't really heard from Nicole and Joyce. They haven't responded to my email yesterday about the proposals for a replacement.
So I think later today I'll be sending a follow-up, if that's okay, just so we are proactive with that one. I'll send a follow-up before the day ends. Next, it's not so much of an outlier, but I heard from now. I spoke with Veronica yesterday, and she's looking for an additional client that we can give to her.
So I'm just sharing it with her because she's still part-time with Triple A, right? Yes, she is a part-time with Triple A, so it's the same with Crystal to lay off Windermere. She's still part-time. Yes.
Okay, so those three people have reached out to me and Jomar. We actually... From Supreme Landing, so more so it's... Krista is looking for an additional client, and Dom is just asking for an update. But I did tell him that it's quite busy.
But definitely, once we have a client, a perfect match for him, recruitment will reach out to him. Yeah, that's all for me. Thank you so much, Louise.
What do you think happened there with Norm? He's one of your outliers from last week, right? Louise? Yes, it was the same as Jen, I think, during the last conversation, last meeting we had with Andrea.
Yeah, it was just... Andrea, last meeting we had was... They were quite concerned with... Because they kept... It's as if they kept saying that they're very busy with things but when they actually looked at the task completed for those days, they didn't seem to be doing much.
So that's the issue there. Then I think there were login issues as well. I'm not really sure what happened entirely since Monday, like I just did some back-checking and that's about it. That's what happened there. Is there anything you can do to prevent that kind of thing in the future?
I think we did a bad job on recruitment onboarding. How can we prevent that in the future? I don't think it's a recruitment issue. Basically, it's more of an AVA personality or behavioral issue.
That's why I'm keeping a close eye on Jen because it was actually Jen and Andrea specifically mentioned that they're having issues. Performance issues or performance concerns over the previous weeks.
So I think what we can do there is the same as what we did with Jeff. We really closely monitor them. We pay them every so often, for the whole duration of the shift, just to make sure that they're there. Although I cannot expect the Atlas people to actually respond to me right away because from what I know, they are using a different system.
Then when they actually go out of that system, it will show that they are inactive. Yeah, so... But on my end, I will make sure to always send them a message before the start of the shift and prior to the end of the shift. We can't contact the Atlas GTMs because they're working on a remote desktop, but we cannot expect them to respond during their shift because...
Yeah, because if they go get out of the virtual workspace, they would be logged out. They would be... Yeah, to us on their phone, on team, on a different platform. That is an option. So I think yeah, I'll write that down and I will check with people if they have actually WhatsApp because we use the WhatsApp mainly so hopefully they can just install what's at the signals, just so they can see the messages that we send them.
Yeah, away I think probably if they can maybe not was up or maybe what's up with a disappearing you know, with a disappearing 24 hours before what'sa keeps a record forever. It's not. That's why businesses don't use WhatsApp or e puts are disappearing every 24 hours because it you know, the data is owned by the other person.
So it's not helping. You know, unfortunately from what I know the things, I think they already deativated teams for me, I think yes. Yeah, I think that's why we all shifted to what's app for. In that case, maybe just put up for everybody the disappearing messages every 24 hours.
Yeah, I will, I want to. I'll send you the their numbers. I have all their numbers on my WhatsApp. I'll send you all the numbers later on. Yes, I actually have it, but yeah, just in case I have. I'm the twenty four hour disappearing, but I think that's a good way to get them through a different channel. BA so you don't disturb the flow.
That's a good idea. Thank you, guys. And then, Christy, people that are part time, they one full time. Maybe we should develop an SL P anyway for every client that starts part time a month in two months in to try and push them to part to full time as part of our business development customer journey.
You know, one obviously will make more money. Not significantly more money typically, but maybe one or $200 more, but two, yes, we're less likely to. It's healthier if they go to full time, right? The VA is less likely to get a second job.
And then maybe the. And this is for the client side. Yeah. We actually do that when we do their, check in, their milestone check ins. Isaac like we have a suggestion on how they are already looking at in terms of having someone from part-time to full-time.
But what do you want us to do? Do you want us to state that we are early on with a client when we make them sign the agreement? Or how do you want us to incorporate it as an SOP? Do you want us to be more posh or mean right when they sign?
If they signed for part-time, there's a reason, right? They that means they told us a day before. No, that's to part-time, not when they signed, but so right now, a month in, and we always ask them, "Do you want to go full-time?" We actually check with them first.
Yeah, we actually check with them first how the VA is doing. Then, based on their feedback, we actually would say, "This is a practice that the girls are already doing." We give them a 360-view of what's happening with the VA, right?
We give them feedback that based on the milestone check-in we have from the VA, they have advised that they've already completed this assessment, that they're already on this level, and then, based on the current hours that they have for four hours, it seems like the task that they have could require more than four hours a day.
It's like a slight push, like a suggestion, but not a hard push. So how do you want us to take that? Do you still want us to continue it like that? So it's still like a suggestion or do you want us to say, "Hey, based on this, don't fix it?" I guess I'm saying in theory, yeah. AA and these vs might face problems.
If we don't find them a second client or if we don't send that client. But, if you're already got hinting. I don't think we should push much harder. To be honest, the only thing we can do is tell them, "Hey, they're looking for a second client. Do you know anybody you know?" Frame it as a referral.
Then they might say, "Actually, maybe they can work full time with us." That's the only other thing I can think of that we can do. We try to do. Then it's like they are... We're not pushing them, and maybe they'll give us a referral. Great.
Maybe somebody else will take them on part-time. That's the only thing I can think of which we're not doing right now, which we can try out. But if you're already pushing for full-time, I don't think we should... We can push more.
That's the only thing we can do now, especially if the VAA says, "I'm looking for..." So we're not making it up. The VAA said that they're open to more hours. Do you know anyone else in your network that could benefit from that person working for them for the other four hours?
Yeah, I think a client would appreciate you. By the way, if I had a part-time person, I'd prefer to control who their other client was rather than be one of my competitors, for example.
So would you like us to advise them that no, the VA is already looking to go? Or to give them a suggestion? "Hey, I was wondering if the VAA said that she's open to filling up the other half of the day while she is currently not working for you. Do you have anyone in your network that you can put us in touch with?" Do you think where you think she could be a great fit for the other half of the day?
Okay. What do you think? Is there any chance that we'll land badly with the clients? Are they going to be annoyed, or are they very clear right now that the other half is open? Is there any chance we haven't really tried it? So we'll never know for sure until we try. Let's try. Check.
I think if we send you the draft wording, if we draft... If we frame it correctly... Never promise them that she will not work somewhere else, correct? Yeah, on the other half of the day.
So I think it's fair enough. Maybe we'll get the hint, and they'll take them on full time in case... So maybe they really will have a referral... Understood. So maybe in... Louise, since both of these VS are under yours, maybe you can draft something along the lines of what I have mentioned Windermere. Not Windermere, the Rocky Point, the one under JSON. I see.
So it's going to end up with the same... They're just on a different branch, I think. This is their maintenance company. So Windermere is the PM company, and then Rocky Point is the maintenance department. No, there's actually two...
So there are two VS that are currently advising Louise that they would like to have another client if they won't be going on full time. One is Veronica from Triple A because I think Veronica already celebrated her third month with them.
Right, Louise. Then, Rocky Point Crystal is what, second month in now? Yes, it's a 60-day milestone, technically. So, she's part-time. She's a part-time accountant for the Rocky Point. Krista. The only thing is, I saw that Jay sent an email this morning about hiring another person.
Right like potentially correct Jason Intermodal. That's because of the existing rules that they had with us before the holidays. It's their river roads. So basically, Triple A, they have different companies, right?
So they have the endpoint track, and they have the river roads. The intermodal dispatcher is for river roads, and then we have another one, which is the endpoint, which they're looking for billing and invoicing, but not for the terminal. What's that?
Well, I forgot the name of the other software that they are using. So there's actually two roles, but Veronica is premium, they're potentially interested in or maybe the two roles. I didn't get it. Then the two part-time is they want to be full-time in the different groups. Are they related? Are we going to cannibalize that requirement?
If we suggest these guys to go full-time, are they going to maybe cancel that request? It may... If we give it... Actually, it may... Isaac, that's correct. Let's not do it. Let's maybe do it. Let's either not do it or let's do it in two weeks. Once we know obviously, say yes or no on the request that they go back to us this morning. We don't want to...
Yeah, because of what's happening with... Yeah, we're giving more employment to more people, we make more money. Maybe those part-timers will end up being full-time. Any chance to cannibalize an existing request? Let's pause it. Basically, I'm still open to it.
If they say no tomorrow, then we can the next day offer them this. But let's... Yeah, because I know that the one with Triple A... They have two there now, which is what's the other name of the other VA there? Louise.
So there's Veronica and then Irvine. So they're both part-timers on the same department. So there are two of them already there on Triple A. So I think if we tell them that... I think that's probably why I...
If we suggest this, they might say, "Well, if Veronica only knows how to do the other what they call this the other side of things." Or if she's willing to be trained on this other software, she can just be with endpoint because there's actually two requirements right now intermodal dispatcher and billing and invoicing for...
So intermodal dispatcher is under the river roads, which is... I think it was Nathan's company and then Steven's company. The other brother is endpoint tracking, which is looking for the billing and invoicing.
But they have that particular software, which is hard to find, right? So I think if we tell them, if we push that, say, "Hey, Veronica is looking for this," they would either say, "Okay, since we already have Irvine or whatever her name is, the other guy, that's fully integrated. Now then, Veronica can just go to NPOT and learn the software entities."
I think it's irrelevant. I think it's two brothers. So forget about the company name. If the VS have a particular CRM or software expertise, if it's justified, it's a different LC I think it's irrelevant.
I think they're all sitting together, and they're two brothers, they own all the companies, so that doesn't protect us. The fact that it's a different company, it's only something else we can really...
Yeah, but basically, the role is the same as Veronica, just a different software. See what happens. Okay, let's try to add one or two more people as soon as possible. Then if it's either way, if it's a yes or no, maybe as a next step, data, while obviously sign for the new people or say no, then we can be full time.
Okay? Then for the one with Windermere and Rocky Point, because Windermere is the PM company. Then Rocky Point is their maintenance company, but it's still under Windermere. It's just managed by Jason.
So if we suggested... I guess we can suggest what we're going to say, we're going to try. Then see how that would go. So that can do any of the work that our open roles are asking for. It's completely work. What do you mean?
So with the existing companies that they have or with our current open roles for other clients for the bro for Jay and the whole... No different. Okay. So we're talking there are two VASA that are looking for to be for part-time to full-time. One is from the Triple a group and one is from the Windermere group is related is a treetone or no, Windermere have two departments Windermere PM and then Rocky Point Maintenance. No, Rocky Point has and they're not Rocky Point, they're river roads and Point and Triple a that's a Triple a group that's the of the group it's probably the same building. There's no open rolls right now. The one that we're trying to grow from them is their PM side.
Yeah, because the from your last check in with the VA they hub and their mayor, they're really happy with the two, right? The they had they actually got two there now the what's her name it's with Windermere like who handles Windermere. The two V as that they have there was it I forget their names already, but there's two V as there right with Windermere mayor that they're both property management like PM assistance.
And when we met with Eric before, they're looking at growing that into, like a team of five. So, I'm not sure whether we can like you like probably we can push for the Rocky Point for Crystal to be full time because she's on the account like she's on the accounting side for the maintenance team. Or you know, or early next year we can revisit, when their meres requirement, you know, like on how they are with the first two vs. That they have to push for new business with them. Let's focus on that. Let's do a PR with them and get a yes or no, and then we can do it afterwards.
Okay? I think we should as a strategy, we should push for part time to full time after we think we can push on a clean, fresh business development push. I think that should be our strategy. Alright, so in the case of Triple a, that's the JA response day would lead to an interview. In the case of Windermere, let's do a PR or say hey, you mentioned on the meeting you want this you want us, you know to meet on you on that and let's get a let's do a real push basically and get a yes or no.
And then once we settled that, then we can push for that afterwards, like a week after that, right? Okay. But it's... We don't really meet our clients every one or two months. They're busy. We don't have too many chances to push, so we should prioritize new business.
Then once we get a yes or no, we can... A week afterward, just send them a quick message to ask about upgrading. All right, thank you. Sounds good. Yeah. So do you want us to do the PR first before we push for the full-time?
Yeah. Okay. The PR schedule that we actually have is going to be for January already. We can get during the downtime for the last two weeks of the year. We sent Shade to work on the profiles of the clients and what we actually have with the recent coachings.
So yeah, either on the VA side or on the client side. Yes, you can say you mentioned on the call, therefore, that's better, right? All right, thank you. Then before we want to... Shade and the two jobs. Anything we could have done to prevent it or to know about it, or is it an inevitable part of our business?
I think for us, Isaac, because we are everyone's contractual, it's definitely an inevitable, it's probably more on us. I'm not sure whether we have to do an addendum during the onboarding like maybe we have to make them sign something that would say, "Though you're open to accept other clients after your shift or before your shift,
during this time, you're actually locked in with the client of our assistant." Maybe just a commitment that they can sign. Well, I think it would change behavior a little bit because as a culture of the Philippines, if we sign anything, it's sort of like a reinforcement.
So yeah, so it's something like that. It's more of a mental war for them. It's like psychology giving them that, "Okay. A constant reminder every day that they will not work for others."
Yeah, during... For example, we're locking you in for this because this is the commitment we gave the client as your hours or your time zone. Then you should be available at this time. Zone about it because it needs to be worded carefully. They are allowed to work for other companies they contracted, but maybe on a per hour basis, maybe it's like you cannot split an hour, basically, and for an hour, that's an invoice to us.
You should not split it among more than one client. I mean, it's on a four-hour basis, basically. Yeah, on their schedule, so that's an overlap. Yeah, let me speak to Katie to see what wording would be correct so we avoid problems.
Yeah, all right, yeah, I'll come back to you on the wording, okay? I'm willing to change anything. Yeah, right, okay, great. All right. Thank you. Okay. So, for outliers in terms of attendance, I have Angela and Irish from Gaz in. Angela's been sick for three days last week. I guess that's common now in the Philippines.
Yeah, this week they call it, what do they call that? Yeah, fluent Filipino Liza. I just found out last week that she got into an accident. I don't know what kind of accident. But then... She was rushed into the emergency. She had some bruises and wounds on her feet and face.
Then she needed to be rushed again the following day because the pain she couldn't bear. But then after two days, she was actually discouraged. But then, yeah, she mentioned that she couldn't bear the pain so she needed to be rushed to the hospital. Unfortunately, during that time, ratio was sick.
So I advised Christy. So always... But anyway, Rachel has always been since, and she's really thankful for that, but now they are all doing okay. They're all doing great. As of the moment, Jason is already closed at this. They're at the Christmas party, the Gaz Christmas party.
Yeah, and I think 10:30 it's supposed to be 10:00, but 10:30 they still receiving phone calls from their tenants, so... But then they closed at 10:30. I got a message from Rachel. Then I have three outliers on the yellow zone, which are the outliers from last week, Diana, Abby, and Dorothy. Those are for the...
Yeah, I'll give you feedback on the Abby one, just before we proceed to the next one, because I spoke with Caesar yesterday. Right? So they're actually happy with how we're actually hand-holding this process. Which is the reason why from one, they're actually going to get...
So instead of just a replacement of Jeb, they're actually going to get two. So they will have an EA for Caesar, and they will actually have one that's going to manage the maintenance side. So... Yeah. So
that's why we actually have a second batch of interviews with Caesar today. Then we will have the final interview by Jan today because they want these two people to start on Monday.
So... Yeah. So they said they're very happy that they appreciate that we're doing the coaching. I'm not counting Isaac, but I am hoping... So we are getting there. Yeah, so thank you, Shane.
Yeah. You're going to get hit. Probably. I think we'll lose five to ten, maybe to 01:08 01:09, then that'll be good, and then momentum in... Yeah, so that's why they... Caesar asked if you can get Abby and Anne to take the disk assessment because this would play a role with the decision of Jan, I think later on because Caesar said the people he spoke with yesterday he endorsed two out of those people from yesterday's batch to be interviewed by John today.
Then he's actually going to be interviewing a few other people this morning. Actually, in the next half hour to be endorsed. Whoever he chooses from here will be endorsed to Jan today.
So we want to speed, fast track this process. But yeah, he does want to say he appreciates what you've done with obviously with Jeb, it just didn't work out and it just...
He mentioned that our process worked because with Abby, it was a very fast turnaround. So it's definitely not a process issue, but more of a VA issue. So he said, like, you know, the process that we have is solid.
Because with Abby, it showed immediate results. So it he said that it's probably just Jeff. Yeah, so it's probably just Jeff, because we gave. We did the same process with Abby where there's an immediate action plan. There were, you know, next steps that were taken, and it was a quick turnaround with Abby, like as early as three days.
That's what Caesar said. He can already see the Abbe's performance back on track. So he said so definitely the process that we have is effective. It was just probably a person issue. That's why it didn't work out.
So there's no. He said, like with Jep, there's nothing he can say about it because we did both, you know, like his side, our side, did our best. It just didn't work out for him. So what they did was instead of just a replacement for Jep that they're looking for, they're looking for an for that additional person.
So they're thats why they're hiring too, because they realize that maybe not everyone is a jack of all trades. Maybe they would need one Abby and one an that's what they're doing now because Caar actually just got promoted.
That's why Isaac that's why he's having an e yeah, said but I think his role yeah, so maybe his role move up a little bit. So CEO still Jan but I think his maybe his scope went up. He's still the second in charge, but his scope went up.
Yeah. So you know, and he said he wants to you know, he wants to he appreciates the partnership and collaboration that we have with them. Always open to their suggestions and you know, to like in terms of action plan, he said like we're very, consider it as well of what they are looking for, what, goals they have.
So they said that let's just continue doing that. And they can see us grow with them because they've done a few acquisitions. Yeah. So that they said maybe next year it might be even... May they even grow more.
That's why they wanted the two people to be placed now so that they can... During their winter shutdown, for the last two weeks of the year. They want to get the training done next week, for the two so that everything can just be asynchronous and then by January it can just be all set.
So yeah, so there... Go... Sorry. For... You know, for going with that and then for GenAI and I think they're still happy because we did open up another account side with that. We have two rows that are going to be added to GenAI, not on Rachel's... But on the accounting side.
So yeah, so we have that too. I just want it to surprise. So we have those two seats. So I spoke with Amy. So I did a quick phone call with Amy. We got that two. It's going to be a two-person role. The interview is going to be on Tuesday.
So I think so far so good. So good job, Sha, with hand-holding our entitled... But yeah, GenAI is still going strong client-side bottleneck on the relationship sometimes on the VA.
Yeah, and then good job with getting... What do you call this? Cheryl? Getting our buy-in on the action plans. So, I know that Sha doesn't normally reply with her action plans, but it's good to see that she appreciated it this time.
Well, I guess what I'm backing on that is that I always keep telling Diana, this time around, since you have a new account manager, let's always look in shareholder because that's what she doesn't want to know others' stuff because I think the relationship with Diana and the previous one was that one... I think it was Colette. Yeah, the thing there is they are having... They don't want it.
So she wanted to be looped in. Because processes keep on changing, it's a trial-and-error process during that time. But now she really appreciates Diana informing everything to Sha, especially now that they have...
Her name is the new account manager. So, yeah, and then... Don, just for Diana, I will just continue having the weekly check-in for two more weeks just to be solid. For Abby, I think I don't need to have that because we got...
I think Ms. Crazy you are. Look, you are... With Sophie's email. The supervisor of Abby, she actually admitted that it's on her. It's her not booked. But what do you call that, not doing reviewing the updates Abby is giving her?
That's why the first action plan that we have for Abby is to duplicate how to update Sophie before the meeting. But then Sophie said she will make sure to review the action plans more thoroughly before the meeting, so...
But I would still suggest that we still stick to our action plan. So even if Sophie, the supervisor, said that she will do her due diligence, it would still help if you know Abby's there anyway, and she's already got her documents, tracking, and all that. I'm pretty sure it will not take her a long time to do a pre-meeting brief, right? So she can easily... Let's still continue, even if Sophie responded that Abby doesn't need to do it. I still suggest we do it because it shows proactiveness, right?
We're still doing something without being asked. Okay, noted on that. Then lastly, Dorothy, in terms of...
PM afternoon, yes, and it will start next week. Okay, and in terms of performance, Roy has nothing but praises to Dorothy, so she's really doing good. Dorothy, on the other hand, yes, she's said that she is doing good. She's a work in progress.
But then... Definitely once they started doing collaboration on their preferred time. Yeah, because that's the challenge there. I remember Isaac and Sha mentioned this last week from the feedback that we got from Rori that... Because it's his first VA, they are finding the right timing.
Yeah, so I think that they started with very early morning, then they did mid-morning, and then I think now they're going to try afternoon. Yes. So... Which I think for the VA, it would actually be in her favor
because they're on PSD beta, and that means it's already morning here in the Philippines, so it's nice, just like working in the morning. I look like from six... Right now I think it's 06:00 am, right? 06:00 am to 10:00 am... Yeah, 06:00 am to 10 am here in the Philippines, so that's...
That's already afternoon for them because they're Pacific time, so... So 06:00 am to 10 am, imagine, it's just like... I had to work from 06:00 am to 10 am. It's like I just hugged my coffee. I'm done with coffee, I'm done with work.
I think it's what they do in California as...
Yeah, so I think that's the... Then you know... They definitely like... Thank you very much for keeping tabs on that and for the follow-through. Sha, are we actually going to have the closing loop feedback or closing loop emails still with them with one more week?
Okay, sounds good. Maybe at the end, like for the last email follow-up that you'll send them, maybe you can just ask them if you still like me to send... Would you like us to continue sending you weekly updates or would you like to do it monthly?
I think you used a similar one to Andrea before. Louise, right? Then Andrea said, "Let's just do monthly after, right?" Unless there's someone that you know that's red flag, right? So like check it with Louise on how she did the framing on that.
But it has worked with Andrea. So...
For the disk assessment... Yeah, of Abby and Anne. Abby already sent me the resort, but Marie's asking for a different type of resort, but it's ongoing now again, she was before.
All right, thank you so much. Okay, I think we're all set. So I think the only thing left on our meeting is I'm just going to discuss with you guys how the recruitment team is going to be split.
How they are going to manage their schedule during our winter period. Our winter? Technically, it's the clients' winter break, but for us, because it's going to still continue... What they have done is that for anyone that's going to be working on the Christmas week, the 22nd... Is it the 22nd? The week of the 22nd would be off on the week of the New Year's.
So it's up to you guys on which one you celebrate more. So at least we still have at least one person like a skeletal workforce available during those two periods. So I'll let you discuss that amongst the two of you.
Yeah, some people celebrate New Year's more than Christmas more so, right? So at least you get to enjoy the full week off rather than just Christmas, just New Year. So at least it's up to you guys.
So that's because that's what the recruitment team did. So I think with you guys, this will be a good one. So it's a good timing to do a reset.
Before we go, I wish... Yes, we are. They're getting the videos done. It's going to be collected like... I think we are in the final collection today, right? Then, yes, we will send them over.
Yeah, we're going to work on it in Canva.
Yeah, because some. As usual, the visuals are not following instructions. So we will get the snippets and then just put them there and... Then some... Can I do a filter because I'm not really comfortable with my face? As long as it's still recognizable that it's them, we're okay with filters. One particular person that I cannot... I don't know if she is that person, but then Miss Vick said... I don't think she's... She looked AI already because of the filter. Remember when we were trying to build our website, our team started using filters that they don't look the same anymore.
You said... Then you said... Are they AI? He said no, they're just filters. Beauty filters is what they call it. So catfish. So, yeah, but we'll definitely send you that. We're starting to receive all of those raw... I've been seeing a lot of them already there.
I think if we cannot receive... But at least we have one per client now, right? Ladies apart from the other... Yeah. Because what we plan to do is... If not everyone will submit, especially for the one that has multiple vs per client, then whoever just submitted... At least we have something for the client because it's going to be... So we're definitely working on that.
It's actually fun to see all those video greetings that they have. So, yeah, we'll definitely send you the draft. We'll have it... I think if we do the cut-off today, we can probably start the draft sending you the drafts by Tuesday. Isaac, so ready to be sent before the winter break?
Yeah, before the vacation season.
Mid-December to mid-June... Get it in before cancellation season so that they feel... Yeah, because if I'm not sure if you still remember... Virginia and the... At the VA that they have, they're still good.
The last feedback that we got from them in mid-December was okay. And then we received a notification before the billing date of February, I think like around January ten. They said, we are not going to renew for the next month. I was like, what the.
Yeah, a few te ten days in after you told us that the VA is doing well, you know, you're saying you're not renewing. Yeah. So. I so struggle. Moment. I think we cannot move into a no from the AP. Yeah, it's it was like more than a month or two months.
Yeah, but we're we've planned ahead with that. That's why, you know, I try to catch up with the clients as much as I can before they go on their winter break.
Yeah, go to see how it goes, but. Yeah, but again, thank you so much, ladies. And Louise, appreciate you coming in. You know, and hope MoM, the mum is, doing much better.
And no, we actually got discharged last Wednesday. Okay, fantastic, great. So yeah, swif, yes, so, yeah, and if I don't speak with you ladies, have a happy weekend. Thank you. So. Happy. By.