louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:00
In morning, fox.
Crissy Santarin | 00:00
Morning. Good morning b how are you being the survivor?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:09
I'm good. [Laughter] Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 00:13
[Laughter] Well, you know the feeling going on, and you say, "He's an old man, and as an old man, he's whole-heartedly bent and directly affected." Von here, a paleno, mobile reception, and everything.
It's like you're cut off from the world. You're a man cut off from the world. We're fine so far. Kab. Orientea. Happened, but we still have very intermittent problems. We're home in Korea for the Tagasibo, like my bandang, and no to marktan. We're in a villa, welcome to our world [Laughter]. Be a good Filipino attire because we still find the light in things, the festive in things, the safe, the best.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:39
That's a goodrefox. [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 01:10
I mean. You learn. At least, save that was young or long in Salang in Bilala.
I'm going to go and box [Laughter] bi lang buy insurance and again, and say, "I am." [Laughter] But yeah, you as we cook, grab the first time put in that in Asan because they put fungasin in, and we live near the beach. Much a super near because I may breakwater. Pasha plus young Bay walk then young residential area. So, for a hundred meters away, a man. Perro Nassaum Breakwater Tapos Nilmun and Tubigum Bay walk. Ning Kang Bay walk to Breakwater in Abukam in Abu residential area. Dome Ibang residential area. Nababa seng ina kal yeah, the baan parashan, and then palet CD. So, singing man and bandang Loom sales ca tamasha 3M high littal palat lagoon str in disma LLaMA la the sabinoinni sa dan hindido talagama an gain elea Asana sang aro pado sabbari salon 3Q arrow sandy tik arrow super blue sky well and clouds that's perp.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 02:14
I get up.
You hanging? Yes.
There. A big lunger one.
Crissy Santarin | 02:56
But Asana, you didn't prepare the new young generator. Emilatik yang and hana I prepare mopla but blah lahip pay water no ala wala humming tap water aan magan no lagan sad la nu asan pang ho gun fla bye.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 03:23
Gagadio like and gdia because I'm in nadiamin water kade equan papala that was my food better an ones go ti no parang o come what me.
Crissy Santarin | 03:42
So toto oaka no the preparing yang'a hamea singly prepared nagg I first time I mean just in the moment really make you sound. No, I alone side thenam and guess a hundred meters away. Alem yong yung sound don't wave renig moyong bagsk NASA ta I know about ring as if you wall in hamps too big n we were so thankful in naana mela yla yu in me maatasan area very hi Isaac.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 04:11
I.
I.
Crissy Santarin | 04:29
We're.
Yeah, we're actually just sharing our experiences from the typhoon. So it was sort of similar with. With Luis. You know, I told her that it was the first time that we had it. And then I had friends that shared the similar situation because it was very sunny before that and it was even very clear skies.
If you look up, you know, like we have a roof deck, so when we look up, it's very blue. There's no clouds in the sky. And then at 05:00 pm, it just became dark, you know. And. Yeah, in E.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 05:10
You are yeah I'm go there yeah with a typhoon yeah. We weren't really that affected, though. But, it was like the typhoon that happened, like, a few years ago was, more intense.
Like a death was actually more intense than the one that, you know, just what was the name again? Tino, it Tino, yeah, it's much more intensive than the yeah, the Chinese one wasn't really that intense.
Crissy Santarin | 05:44
Yeah, for. For. Well, yeah. They had Chinese names. The last two?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 05:52
So, overall, it was really good. It's just really... We're very fortunate that we live in a high area, not very high, but it's a high area, so we don't really get flooded here, thank God.
But we were all so prepared, but nothing can really prepare us for things like that. It's really different when... I don't know how to really explain it, but it's really different.
Even if you have enough food prepared for days, it's never going to be enough. Because when electricity is cut and water is cut, you can't really do so much.
Crissy Santarin | 06:25
No.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 06:33
So it's like you never... I don't know how it's going to get at all.
Isaac | 06:38
It's going to get.
Crissy Santarin | 06:39
And then the mobile reception as well was so even if we had a generator, like I was telling Luis, you know it as well, right?
The power is no use because I wouldn't even be able to manipulate the outside
the radio. have to be more prepared next time. We're going to be buying radios, like the radio the radio. least with that, we can even have... I think Mike said it. I think we have to be more prepared next time. We're going to be buying radios, like the radio thing.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:01
Yeah, the at the radio. Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 07:05
CA at least with that we can even have, like the government now are sharing that would be helpful.
And they would actually share, you know, the public, what do they call that radio thing? A radio channel, something like that. So that everyone can, you know, like, in case of emergency, that's the line that you can call in and stuff like that.
Because there was really no mobile receptions. It was so weird that, you know, like from the time that they actually had a mobile phone, this was the first time that there was no signal. So it was everything fors and for days.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 07:44
No signal, like everything just cut off.
Crissy Santarin | 07:48
So it's like it's. You know, it's. It's different. But there you go. Isaac how resilient we are.
Isaac | 07:56
Its scary if the government and you can't even rely on the government to like you don't if the government has it under control basically, right?
Crissy Santarin | 08:02
Yeah, they did. Yeah, in fairness to them, this time they really notified us way ahead of time, but.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 08:11
Yeah, the evacuations and all, it's different, but still, you can't really save for sure, because it's just crazy.
Crissy Santarin | 08:13
And on. But what's going to happen?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 08:20
Weather weather is just really crazy.
Crissy Santarin | 08:24
But the overall... [Laughter] They said it's not yet done because we usually get full so.
Isaac | 08:26
All right, are we expecting any more typhoons in the coming weeks or not?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 08:38
Yes. We're still at the letter U.
Crissy Santarin | 08:39
OP we still have WXYZ, so four more letters.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 08:43
We have WXY.
Isaac | 08:44
Zs in one year.
Crissy Santarin | 08:54
But we go, yeah. B is before you came on. Me and Luis were even saying, even with what happened, I think as Filipinos, we still see light and positivity in things. We're still happy, we're safe.
It's not because we're happy with what happened with other people, but it's like we're happy.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 09:15
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 09:16
Everyone is safe. Like in our family or anyone that we know, are safe. But at the end of the day, it's for us, it's like, what can we do? It already happened. Let's just move on, you know?
So I think we're used to that.
Isaac | 09:31
Yeah, right. Obviously. Remember, easier said than done.
Crissy Santarin | 09:36
Until you're there. Until you're there as... Yeah, it was even funny because whenever you want... You know, even with us, I was sharing it with Luis that even all the roads were blocked because of the trees that have fallen, with the mud, the flooding.
So even if we have an A-pick up and it was already high, we still couldn't take it out because of all the old bluffs. Do you know what Mike did? We had an electric scooter that you can actually take, even on what... It's waterproof.
So that's all that he can report to my mom, my aunts just to make because we're the only ones that actually lived close to the floor.
Isaac | 10:21
Tell me you're okay.
Crissy Santarin | 10:22
Yeah, because we don't want them to panic where we are because we're the only ones. The two of us are the only ones that actually live near the Bay Area.
The shore area. So he has to go out just to let them know we're okay with the sort of signal, but we're okay.
Isaac | 10:39
It's like most of the headache and the risk is in telling people you're okay now.
Crissy Santarin | 10:43
Yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 10:45
Yeah, we didn't have power for days.
Crissy Santarin | 10:46
And then, my phone's beeping nonstop from everyone else because they know where I live.
So they said, "Crazy, please let us know." You know, any time you see this where you are like, "We're good, we're safe." Yeah, just like what? Well, what happened? When you, Louise, Red, and Harra started going offline, they were like it.
Yeah. So we were just... But we're just really glad that everyone's safe. And.
Isaac | 11:17
T guys are safe for sure. Yeah. Couldn't have been... Yeah, people could have... You couldn't have s.
Crissy Santarin | 11:24
Yeah, so. Yeah, but it's one of the things that we did get feedback from Marie as well regarding that. One of the suggestions that we have laid it out with Isaac is on how we can better support the team. I owe you that one, ASA.
I'll probably work on it over the weekend. I'll draft the plan on how we can see it. Because Marie is the only one that was left standing. Because her backup is startling, [Laughter]. So even without mobile, even without the fiber internet and all know.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 12:00
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 12:05
So that's why I will draft a plan on how that will support our team and what advantage it can get and how OA can help us power through it. So there we go. But not because we want you guys to be continuously reporting to work. Even if there's even if you're flooded, it's just more of like a contingency just to make sure everyone's connected.
Right, Isaac. I'll definitely drop that plan. Then, yeah, you need it too, Isaac, you need Starling.
Isaac | 12:39
Yes, I need it too, I think. I mean, the stomach is... Well, I need a guess.
Crissy Santarin | 12:47
[Laughter] We'll put you in the program too, but yeah, but that's one of the things we're looking at. Luis, but again, we're just really happy that everyone is safe. Despite the last two super typhoons that we had and again, you know, this one
Isaac | 13:02
Yes.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 13:03
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 13:10
We appreciate you, Luis.
Because now for this week, you are the lone ranger for integration handling.
Isaac | 13:17
Yeah, great, thank you.
Crissy Santarin | 13:22
You know, handling over a hundred vs. And I'm not sure exactly you're aware of but you know Luis recently had the grandmother passed and we appreciate that you still you know that we're here this but yeah so there yeah so you know that definitely very thankful it's just like double thanks from you know for your resiliency agility.
Isaac | 13:39
Yes, I didn't know that. Okay, yeah, I'm sorry for your loss. When did it happen on the last weekend?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 13:51
Yeah. Last Sunday. We are going to have the funeral tomorrow, so it's not really much of an adjustment for me because we just had her wake within the compound, so I can just go there, check on people.
So it's totally fine. That's why I still decided to go to work because I have my cousins, I have my mom and her siblings to take care of and the people like the visitors. So overall, totally fine.
But it wasn't really like it wasn't a surprise because we already knew that she was going to go back to Decorator soon because she was already very weak for months now. So when it happened, it was a relief for everyone, actually.
Isaac | 14:46
Yeah, I still... Yeah, it's still not easy to deal with the arrangements and all that. Yeah.
Definitely. Thank you. Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 15:07
I think it. I think all the values that I can think of. You probably presented it to us this week, Luis, you know, so again, just you know, we can't say anything more, but thank you for that and appreciate the update I saw that you really were I think like you're you've seen that up date Isaac, right?
Like Luis is starting to make connections with.
Yeah, with Atlas, with Andrea, you with open, right?
Isaac | 15:34
Yeah, we're becoming really more partners, right? With Andrea.
Crissy Santarin | 15:43
Like, you know, we gave them feedback as if there's no... Basically, we filtered it, but at least they took it as if we weren't biased in what we were telling them.
It resonated with the communication you have there, Luis.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 15:57
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 16:00
So, I think that's one of our, probably major milestones with the new task that you took on with Atlas.
Two weeks in with Atlas.
Isaac | 16:17
It's difficult to give clients feedback, bad feedback. It's a fine line because they can get defensive, on the other hand, there is a way of doing it. It's like, okay, it's up to you. This is what we heard directly. We're not sure there is... It's a fine
if you can do it and they can really see it as a partnership, that's the idea. For sure.
Crissy Santarin | 16:40
Yeah. I think it's creating more avenues for us as well in terms of, let's say, retention.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 16:42
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 16:46
Like we're not... Before it was like we were always stepping on eggshells, right? We
were always afraid of giving them negative feedback.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 16:56
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 16:58
Now we are even more confident of telling them, "Hey, we've noticed that this VA is causing some red flags. Would you like us to be more proactive with it?"
Okay, we're not afraid for you to take her out, but we are already preparing a replacement. Now, basically, we still tell them that it's their call. So I think that's one of the messages you gave them yesterday.
Then they said, "Well, leave it with them for now." And they didn't even say, "Isaac, okay, let's let them go." But more, let's see how the next week goes and stuff like that.
I think it's more of a result of the initiative that you initiated, the ISAC conversation, basically the outlier conversation. So it's already bearing fruit now with the forecasting.
Yeah, the forecasting of outlier conversations that we've been having with the integration team, and now we are testing it with our open feedback with the client side.
Isaac | 18:03
The client side? Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 18:05
Then it's something that we can probably mirror in a way. Maybe three months in, by January, we can have a look at this as something we can roll out with all other clients because this is something that we've been trying to break through with clients, not giving us feedback, right?
So maybe a few more polishes on how we keep this open feedback with Atlas can help us with other clients that are not giving us any feedback. So this is a great milestone so far for integration.
Yeah. So there we go. And Luis, I saw your report by which Isaac... I just to share, that who's this kind... yeah.
Isaac | 18:58
Of the Outlier Initiative, SME.
Crissy Santarin | 19:03
And maybe Luis can share us her outlier discussion with us in a bit, but where she raised something about who's that VA that was asking for additional training because it's one of the points.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 19:23
Windfell I from Windermere.
Crissy Santarin | 19:24
Yeah, Winter is from... Winter, is it?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 19:31
No win. So, no, sorry, it's from ROG.
Crissy Santarin | 19:34
Easy from Windermere ROG? Okay, so one of the newer clients, right?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 19:39
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 19:41
So basically, like what Louis did there, Isaac is one of the things that we have been talking about during outlier discussions. It came up because of the new feedback survey that we're getting, right?
Like, where what's your recent milestone? You know, anything that we can help you out with or how can we actually get you from a six to an eight or an eight to a ten? And we Tel said, you know, if. If you can help me with some training on. What was the they were asking the.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 20:16
Yu, they because her client is actually planning to take on paid ads on Google, Facebook, and Instagram. So that's not in the works yet, but that's the plan that they have for the next few months. Unfortunately, Windfall does not have any experience with beds. Although she's really good at what she does, she just really wanted to learn more about how to get more audience, how to get more... I forgot the term that she told, how to get more audience from yes, so she's she's.
Crissy Santarin | 20:58
But at least, like, you know, she's already thinking ahead to add more value to the client, right? So that's how it want to happen. So.
Isaac | 21:12
To pay down. I didn't catch the first part. When they may want to do paydowns, or is she suggesting to do it?
Crissy Santarin | 21:19
No, the client was asking.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 21:22
The client?
Crissy Santarin | 21:23
So they shared the plans to you know, CO how the marketing is going to happen in the next few months.
But it's not yet live. But Windfall already shared that. Ask you, basically, is there any training that I can get or if there are any suggestions that you can get? Then Luis and I actually looked at what she can have in terms of videos she can watch or just to get ahead of things so that once it actually goes live, she's not lost or anything.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 21:55
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 21:59
You know, like, she's. She's advanced reading already. It's like back in school. She did her research. So once it's laid out, don't you know, once it's live, she's not like running around like a headless chicken.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 22:15
Yeah, but the good thing is, her client knows that she has no experience with paid ads.
Crissy Santarin | 22:15
So.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 22:21
That's why they informed her ahead of time so she can do her research. Then she just shared, "Reach out to me, asking if maybe we have other V who's doing the same thing, who can maybe teach her a few ways."
But I haven't really... Excuse me. Given her a name yet. But basically, what I did was I gave her a few reading materials, and Krisy shared a video that she could watch on how to optimize stuff.
So that's what she has been doing. I really appreciate that with her because she gets us involved with the things that are going on with her clients. Yeah.
Isaac | 23:04
Fantastic, great. That's really good to hear.
Crissy Santarin | 23:08
Yeah, it is, it's.
Isaac | 23:08
Yeah, good. I can feel a change in the department air.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 23:12
That's great.
Crissy Santarin | 23:14
So it's more of this is what we have been wanting to happen, right? For V as to trust us so that they go to us when they want to improve or to add value to their clients rather than just venting out all the time because you know.
Isaac | 23:31
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 23:32
Yeah, right. Recently, that's what's been happening with the... When I shared this with you when we had that one-on-one. Luis, right? When we did the coach... When I watched some of the coaching videos, it's more of like it's a coaching session or if it's a vent-out know?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 23:45
Two.
Crissy Santarin | 23:50
So it's because there's no progress. Like, it's like, okay, you spoke about it last month. Now you're talking about it again, and it's still the same sentiment of the VA we haven't addressed that.
So I think right now, again, this is good because it's part of the initiative that was launched by Isaac with the outlier discussion and then the calibration sessions that we did and then the draft that you had for that survey.
So now it's more of us just polishing the system. We don't need to really have a lot of changes there now. I think we had good initiatives already. So it's on the testing phase now.
And it's definitely a good milestone, as early as two to three weeks since we launched it, right? With it's like mirroring what we have done with the open feedback with Atlas and now it's showing that we are breaking through on the VA side, so we're on the right track.
So yeah, keep up the good work with that. Luis, so yeah, so those are our milestones. So now, we're gonna move forward to our opportunities.
Isaac | 25:03
Yes. Thank you.
Crissy Santarin | 25:08
So what have we actually found with this week's outlier? Outliers? Luis. Outlier or outliers?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 25:17
Well, for this week, my whole focus was, you know, the people from Atlas. So I have been meeting I think I'm halfway to meeting everyone already, and, about two or three of them raised the same concern as what? Ner initially, expressed with regards to the workload.
Crissy Santarin | 25:37
Uhmm.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 25:38
So I actually spoke with, Herbert earlier and he expressed the same thing that, you know, because Herbert actually previously worked with Jericho. But Jericho we had to offboard for some reasons. Now, when Jericho left. Jericho's task was given. Were given to Herbert.
So basically, Herbert is now doing, tasks for two people. So he did mention that it's manageable, but he was thinking maybe... He expressed that maybe he can get some kind of a pay increase because of the workload he's doing.
So, I didn't give him any answer, but I definitely told him that it's something that I will bring up with the support team to see what we can do. So I was planning to include that in my report because I already submitted my report to Atlas for this week, so we'll probably add that to my report for next week since I'm here to talk to a few more people from the team.
So basically, yeah, and what I really appreciate is... yes.
Isaac | 26:52
If you can please send me the report, just so I can see what it looks like.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 26:58
Okay, in just one second.
Isaac | 27:03
Atla I think it's great that we're really working with them in more of a partnership. I think as will become... They're already an important line. I think in the next couple of years, they're going to become even more important clients for us.
Crissy Santarin | 27:25
Yes, and we recently had a great outcome with the last interview session we had with them. We're actually going to be onboarding someone on the 24th. Luis, I'm not sure if it's going to be...
It's a replacement on one of the ones they have boarded. I'm not sure if it's a movie coordinator or a resident coordinator, but I think it's one of the two departments of those that already mentioned that they're getting overwhelmed, so hopefully it's an answer. Atlas is working.
I think that's the reason why they were asking when we shared the blind feedback, the blind survey feedback. They were actually receptive of it. They were asking which department does this person have.
So we did say, "Okay, well, you just ask us to have a blind feedback survey." So it doesn't have any information about how to hold what name they have.
So we only shared with you what they gave us feedback on.
They were saying, "Because they were happy to work on expectation settings and task management, but they say just so that they can address it properly and align it with the road."
We told them, "I replied to Gaby there because Luis was out that time." So I replied to Gaby saying, "Well, Gaby, this was a blind survey, but we will take note of it. Next time we will ask what they have." Definitely a good catch, right?
But at least they know that we're working on it and that they asked for honest feedback, and that's honest feedback.
No names, no roles. Just mention what's happening?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 29:04
Yes.
Isaac | 29:09
I think we have a big opportunity here. Before, I think they saw our integration efforts as a liability, probably because they didn't know what was going on and they didn't know if it was helping them or what, whether it was overstepping our mark and doing their job or ruining the good work that they were doing from their point of view.
Crissy Santarin | 29:16
Yes.
Isaac | 29:32
So, I thought maybe the best thing to do is to reduce the integration work for that client and basically just say we'll be a recruitment partner. We will not manage the case.
But I mean, that would be a loss of opportunity.
Crissy Santarin | 29:51
He.
Isaac | 29:52
So the best outcome is what is hopefully happening now, which is a really we are the partner we give them information otherwise be able to have we're being proactive with the replacement suggestions.
Crissy Santarin | 29:59
Yeah.
Isaac | 30:08
And they know that we have a financial interest in saying that things are good or bad or whatever. Then we become more of a trusted advisor. They know that we're not just saying things to try to grow the account.
Crissy Santarin | 30:26
No, yeah.
Isaac | 30:26
So that's definitely the best possible outcome. Hopefully we can continue to grow.
Crissy Santarin | 30:34
Working on it. As for ASA, again, Luis, keep up the good work with this. I think it is good timing that he stepped in. I think we're gaining the trust of our VS back, and we're gaining the trust of Atlas in terms of trust on our integration team.
Isaac | 30:54
Just speaking of the integration team, we need to add another team member. No, for to help me to help.
Crissy Santarin | 31:01
Yes, we're working with you. It's just that we just need to replicate...
Luis, that's why I was asking you. Luis, can you duplicate yourself? Can we clone you?
Isaac | 31:14
That'll be great. Yes, I think I totally agree. We need to hire somebody who was really impressive on paper, and he wasn't unimpressive in person. He spent time with JP Morgan, and he won all these awards, but I...
Yeah, I go on gut. There was something else for else.
Crissy Santarin | 31:36
It was a vipe thing, you know. So.
Isaac | 31:38
Yeah. My gut is not always right, but it's normally right.
Crissy Santarin | 31:48
Yeah, no, it was... Yes, sharing with you our experience with that, we even shared it with Isaac as well. The reason why I was probably on the fence at first was because I know how leadership programs are in big BPOs like you know, JP Morgan, right?
Before you actually become a team leader in their organization, you actually have to go through some trainings and certifications and all that. I think that that's what I just liked about him.
Then everything else seems shady, so. Since we're in a remote setup, we don't want any shade, right? Isa, I think that's my gut feeling there. He says all the right things, he has the right background.
But why am I feeling that there's something? So yeah, that's the feeling there.
Isaac | 32:41
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 32:44
And he passed our disk assessment.
Isaac | 32:44
So is Mary still active.
Crissy Santarin | 32:48
He The skills profile is good. His IQ test is... He's above... He actually scored supreme or something like that. He scored supreme on the IQ test that Solus... We are natural.
So if we're just going to look at the checklist, he checked most of it, but the feeling is... Yeah, sometimes it's like that, right?
Isaac | 33:09
That's all?
Crissy Santarin | 33:12
So sometimes you feel that as well. I think that's the reason why you started doing the yellow or orange marking with RV as soon as they start disconnecting with you. It's more of a VIB thing. There's on paper, on the client feedback, they give good feedback.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 33:26
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 33:30
The last coaching session was good feedback as well, but why are you disconnecting?
There's something there, so it's like that. It's the feeling. Don't worry, Luis, this will not last long that you will be handling the 100 VAs on your own. We're working.
Isaac | 33:50
Is save money.
Crissy Santarin | 33:52
She is. Backman.
Right. Luis saved money.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 33:56
I haven't really heard from her. I actually was thinking she'd be back today, but yeah, maybe Monday.
Crissy Santarin | 34:03
Okay, 90.
Isaac | 34:04
I think I was in yesterday, today.
Crissy Santarin | 34:09
No, I think it's all up to today, the 14th. And then she'll be back Monday. And yeah, so I will be in with her as well, because we have an important client that's going to be starting on Monday, so I want to make sure that someone's going to be there.
Isaac | 34:14
Okay, yeah, that's a big important client.
Crissy Santarin | 34:26
Flawless is starting on Monday. Isa.
Isaac | 34:35
Is it UK time? Morning, Percy.
Crissy Santarin | 34:37
UK. Time? Yes, UK yeah, yes, please.
Isaac | 34:40
Maybe I'll wake up at 3 in the morning, or whenever it is, to say hi. You might see me in my pajamas.
Crissy Santarin | 34:51
Yeah, so yeah, it will be good to have her there. It's always good to welcome everybody on their first.
Isaac | 34:54
Yeah, it's a friend of mine who is the biggest distributor in the UK of vapes and electronic cigarettes.
Crissy Santarin | 35:09
No itbie.
Isaac | 35:09
Yeah, and it's one of the first rules. So it could be a big line, Right.
Crissy Santarin | 35:15
Yes. Then on Tuesday, we have a new starter. That's why we're checking in if she's coming at least by next week already because we have new additions. We're working on it.
Prime is going to start with the new VA as well on Monday. Are you the one handling Prime?
Isaac | 35:37
To 01:20 half. I need PTLS, more crazing.
Crissy Santarin | 35:41
But I did give you that, right? I told you I'm going to try and keep us at 01:20 by the end of this year. We're working on it. We're working on it.
So, but yeah, those are three new starters for next week. So far, but we are waiting on the start date. There's actually going to be four. We have four... Wait, you know, additional... We have click groups, they just haven't given us a start date yet, but it's definitely going to be starting soon.
So, insurance. Yes, and first insurance.
Isaac | 36:19
Great. Yeah, and I was telling Christie Louise, I think we're going to be stuck between 100 and 120, maybe even 100 for a quarter. Hopeless. Hopeless. But I think we'll be there for a couple, especially with cancellations in the new year.
Yeah, we're basically building the systems now to get to 200 as the next phase. It will have to be something new either in marketing channels or in a new additional industry or a couple more senior hires. They can build out different things basically, bring... I don't know what they can do, but they can bring maybe some of the other things, the different ICPS or you have different things.
Crissy Santarin | 37:07
Yeah, and we're rebuilding, you know, the partnerships from existing clients as well.
Isaac | 37:08
That's basically what we're building. What we're working on now.
Crissy Santarin | 37:17
You we have Walter, that's open to interviewing new candidates. I'm not sure if you've seen it, Isa. He's open now to interviewing new candidates.
Because we've... Yeah, I have spoken with Kyle.
Isaac | 37:28
Fantastic.
Crissy Santarin | 37:31
She really just cannot get back anytime. Anyway, Walter gave us a timeline that if she cannot go back in ten days, then it's not worth waiting for her, so.
Isaac | 37:44
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 37:45
And definite. She really cannot get back in ten days. But the good thing is, Kyle sent us the handover document, so I think Walter's happy with that.
It was very thorough as well. The handover document.
Yeah, right, it was very thorough. So in good faith, I think Kyle didn't really mean to leave abruptly like that, but you can see it on the docket. If she wants to just ghost Walter, Walter could have ghosted him, but...
Yeah, but basically we have for it, so at least it's not a situation. So at least we gained the trust back of Walter. With that, we were able to get the handover document. She just really cannot report back,
but at least a handover document is there, and then we are ready to set up interviews for next week, hopefully when he comes back. We still have a few other clients that are ongoing with the interview.
So hopefully we get that new addition to the integration team soon so that we can.
Isaac | 38:54
Yeah, Louise, you can make sure Louise will interview that person first or last round. I don't mind, but basically, let's make sure that Louise interviews them, okay?
Crissy Santarin | 39:01
Yeah, we want to get you involved with that, Luis. So R.
Isaac | 39:15
Yeah, I've worked in companies where the CEO interviews somebody, and then at the last round, they get the people in the department to interview the person, and then they basically feel bad to say no because they don't want to disappoint the CEO or they think that this person is like a cousin or a friend of the CEO.
Crissy Santarin | 39:23
Hey.
Isaac | 39:34
If I ask you to interview somebody, feel free to say no, okay? Basically.
Crissy Santarin | 39:39
He.
Isaac | 39:39
All right, it's not that we're not like our procedures in a big corporation and they have to pass a bunch of checks. We don't need all that red tape stuff.
So, yeah, if it is because I want your opinion on whether they would be a good fit if they passed out around. It doesn't mean that it's a point.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 40:08
Got it?
Crissy Santarin | 40:08
Yeah, and I think we can count on that, Luis, because you're very outspoken, so that's one of your great skills. You speak your mind.
So it's good. So yeah. Keep your ideas coming. We're always happy to hear new and fresh ideas. So far, all of our initiatives are working well, so let's keep up. Let's keep up the good work.
Luis, I hope you have a great weekend. If there's anything else.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 40:46
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 40:47
Isaac, is there anything else you'd like to impart to Luis? If you're still there... I think we lost him already, but yeah, have a great weekend, so.
Isaac | 40:58
I can hear you guys. Sorry.
Crissy Santarin | 41:03
Yeah, so I'm just wishing Luis had a great weekend. It's a very long week for her as well. So I hope you have a very restful weekend and know we'll see you on Monday.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 41:20
See you Monday, thank you guys, happy.
Isaac | 41:24
Weekendsate see you. Thank you.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 41:28
Have a great weekend, thank thank.
Isaac | 41:30
All the best to your family. Yeah, sorry about your grandfather.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 41:35
Thank you.
Isaac | 41:37
All right, thank thanks, Louise. See you.
Crissy Santarin | 41:39
Please.
Isaac | 41:40
See you next week.
Crissy Santarin | 41:43
Okay. I'll see you on the next link, Isaac.