shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:00
[Laughter].
Isaac | 00:05
Morning, guys. How are you?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:13
I'm fairly haired now.
Isaac | 00:19
Yeah, [Laughter] it looks nice, I guess. Why are you guys investing in your hair when we're going to have a hat event? [Laughter] Exactly. Looks right.
Okay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:42
Maybe I'll start the outlier. I just think I only have three, if I'm not mistaken, or two. So currently, what I have, is those are just regarding attendance. Technically, one is, Jazz, he is absent for three consecutive days already.
That's the close AC is gazin. Okay, it's racial. But don't worry, because racial's really updated every day. And I actually... Our action plan. Since Jazz already mentioned that he secured an appointment to have his s checked tomorrow, I actually asked him. Fever high fever? Yes, he is currently in Bagia.
So he said he's going to have himself checked tomorrow, and I asked him to secure a medsert on Monday right before... No different. John Lloyd is from Ormook. Jazz is from Bagia. That, ja, the Yoken. Yes, and, well, Rachel is really worried about him, but it just... She just said to... Inform just to take care of himself, so, yeah, I guess he will definitely get back on Monday and bounce back. [Laughter].
Isaac | 03:14
How is Rachel feeling about away and Magic six and all that stuff? How is she? Okay, the old generation, but yeah, how are things with Rachel right now because she's important.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 03:32
She's really happy with the solid team that we have right now. So for the CSR girls, the four of the girls are really doing well. Especially Angela, everyone knows Angela. Irish, Eli. Eli, I think they have already talked about this.
Eli's location is in Isabella, so it's actually a place wherein if there's a typhoon, they easily get hit. Yeah, but then he she already talked. Yes, she's actually near Miss Crisy, so.
But then Rachel is really very understanding about it. And she said that if it that happens again, she can definitely go on offline working so she doesn't need to take in phone calls. And then she definitely can bounce back the day after or once she gets.
So once she's okay. So that is really, okay with racial. And then for the HOA assistant managers, they're really doing great, especially the new ones, starting with JL and Jazz. Even Michelle just basically, remember, we had some a bit of an issue with her, but she was actually being, what do you call that? She was actually being commended by one of the property managers.
Yeah, fantasta.
Isaac | 04:59
So Rachel is in our top three most important people. I would say client. Yeah, I would say Rachel, Brandon, Mitch. I would say the three most important people for our companies as of today, hopefully they'll have bigger clients.
As of today, she's one of the top three, so that's great to hear.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 05:22
Yeah, so long as... Well, she mentioned that so long as she's being informed, that's perfectly fine with her, so... Yeah, and another one, out... Yes.
Isaac | 05:48
It makes a big difference. It's kind of like.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 05:52
If like... If a company has worked exactly even if I am even when in terms of the GDMS, I always inform them. Even if you just got, let's say, an unexpected power outage, just please let me know. Even if you, just in case you cannot get a hold of me via WhatsApp, it needs to have an internet. You can just message me directly to my phone, just text me so I can still inform Rachel.
So everything is all good? Yes, there's another one.
Isaac | 06:27
A new approach we're taking in the last few weeks, basically being more proactive.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 06:35
Yes, I keep on asking them, even during the days. If I haven't heard from them, let's say, for example, they just emoji my message within the day, I always ask them, "How are you guys? How's everything?" Constant communication with them.
It's actually one of the big factor.
Isaac | 06:54
So you can feel the difference.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 06:55
The improvement. Yes, definitely. Especially this one. This happened. I think Wednesday. It was Vera, one of the GAs, and people again. I don't know for some reason, she called me straight away when they found out that they got robbed, and then she was very... It was very.
Isaac | 07:14
She shot the client, the client was robbed.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 07:18
No, the GTM, one of the GMs, Vera, one of the original, I think, yeah, part of the... What do you call this? Yes, the house was raw. Someone broke into it, and then they got the... What do you call that, Missy? The perpetrator... Is it the term perpetrator?
Yeah, and then he said she sent me a picture. The perpetrator had a lot of blood and all. And then I don't know why I am the first one to be called by Vera saying that somebody broke into our house and then she's shaking. Really? I told him to put down the phone and go to the police and.
Isaac | 08:10
To call you and then called 911?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 08:12
Yeah, something [Laughter]. So, I informed Rachel, she's worried about her. But then the following day, she went back to... She lugged in... And then she said that she doesn't need to go to the police. Her husband can really take care of
yeah.
Isaac | 08:30
They're going to take them to their own... AS.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 08:33
Yeah. My God, it's really shaking. Even I myself, when I heard her, she's screaming and she said, "Let me say something like that, let me shame." Yeah, someone broke into her house, something like that. I said, "Okay, put down the phone, relax, put down the phone." Take care of that. Don't worry about us, I'll take care of it." it.
Isaac | 08:55
Chy, when we thought about setting up an integration department a year and a half ago, did you think we'd be getting the police called into our department? [Laughter].
Yeah, I remember that. I've had photos of dead people as well. Yeah, it's definitely not boring. Definitely. It's definitely not boring. [Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 09:38
Stand [Laughter]. by a be... be.
Isaac | 09:51
On day one and two with our first client. Luckily, the second VA, I think if it was the first VA, who knows... knows.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 10:07
Place huge... [Laughter].
Isaac | 10:10
You [Laughter]. saw it, right? You saw it as we... [Laughter] We need to have a ranking of the most dramatic situations that we've come across in integration so far. I think I win. You know, it's not a competition, but hey, where is Alexis?
Yeah, Alexis is dead, he died in a car crash yesterday. Here's a picture. Okay, so I think I win on the dramatic, but let's see... see.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 11:00
I know. Send it to me... me.
Isaac | 11:03
He [Laughter] and by the way, I heard it in Spanish, my Spanish is not great. Well, I understood enough to get the message.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 11:28
My message... God, yeah. If you're allergic to something, yeah.
[Laughter].
Isaac | 12:02
Then [Laughter]. went into therapy from the beginning, yeah. My God. Right, and it was going to be a disaster. It was our first client, luckily. Second VA. Yeah, it could have been a disaster for us. [Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 12:27
Yeah, [Laughter]. well, actually, there's another one, but it was technically, it was Sancha. You know, Sancha, she's very overthinker. I don't know, for some reason, it wasn't our plotted check-in yesterday, but she asked me if she can call me. Luckily, I wasn't doing check-in during that time.
When she called me, she was very concerned that Grace replied to her email having just eight phone calls she got during the whole day. She overthinks. She told me if just in case, she will be terminated by H&A Assist, can she be reprofiled?
I told her, please stop, pause for a break, take a long breath, and then let's just not.
Isaac | 13:38
Yeah, and for Katherine, yeah, she's really... we owe her a lot, definitely.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 14:04
Yes, true, but yeah, you just have to calm down. Earlier when she logged in, she called me again. She said, "You know what, Shay? The reason why Grace asked me why I am only having eight calls is that..."
It's because they will give me another task. That's it. It's not something that she will be terminated or get rid of from H&A Assist because she's nothing. She's doing nothing because they are four of them already, so I yeah.
Isaac | 14:48
Yeah, only eight complaints.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 14:54
Yeah, and that's actually the reason why she... Grace asked her. It's not something that I think, Sancha, is not doing something we can get rid of her since we still have 343 people in TSR. I told her, no, it's not how I think Grace thinks of you. I think the first person that she is going to save if in case something happened to you
is because you're the OA and you know everything. It's just that you wanted to manage the entire phone calls and you're not, but then after that, she said, "Yeah, okay, I think I let it pass for now, and then I'll just leap and let's see what happens tomorrow."
That's it. She got the good news. Then she said, "Sorry to Grace, could she overthink?" Then Grace said, "What was actually laughing at her?" She said, "Grace said, 'Did I let you overthink the whole night?'"
So I just said, "Yes, really." So everything is okay now?
Isaac | 15:59
Great job on calming it down. Yeah, definitely, and I'm sure it's unnecessary. Your calming was very necessary. I'm sure her concern was not based on anything because... Yeah, we know those guys. They've been around for 40 years, and they're not an unstable company. They love their team, and they're true. They don't... They're not going to fire someone to do a great job. Definitely not. They'll find something else for them to
yes.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 16:48
Yeah.
Isaac | 16:50
Hold.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 16:51
Yes. Can I just say one more thing? Another one? Sorry, love one, just one last. It's Diana, the one that is about to resign. She is asking me if she will tell from Tretones Treetone.
Isaac | 17:08
Yes, yeah, so.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 17:10
Yeah, and she's asking me if it's okay now to inform Jason that she's about to resign. I told her not to yet because I'm going to let you know first. What's the game plan for this is.
Isaac | 17:34
I think it was by email so I can check. Yeah, sometimes.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 17:46
Well, actually, I sent him an email for Thanksgiving and Black Friday, but he never applied to those things. He actually asked.
Isaac | 17:56
It's not personal. You know, he's serious, I think. I have an email chat with him about Ross. So about something that's... Then I can see an email from him to me about Christmas from late August. That was a long time ago. Yeah.
If we can get her to not resign yet, resign in two weeks, and do the handover, that's obviously going to be the best. If it's... Yeah, it's going to be the easiest for him. Less likely to delay.
If he just said she's out today, then he might say, "Well, let me check." Whatever. We might lose the VA seat if we say she's going to leave in two weeks. Can we quickly set up interviews so that they can overlap? He might be more encouraged to move quickly.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 19:27
Yeah, actually, that's what she said in her email. That's why... So she sent an mail.
Isaac | 19:35
So it's very... She told you before she told him. Because, from the client's point of view, if he just quits, then anyway, there's no handover. He has no rush to... Fill the seat, right?
If we say, "Hey, you have a window of a week or two weeks before she goes," then he's got more motivation to quickly... Here are some profiles. He's more motivated to jump with that opportunity to have the overlap, right?
So we're more likely to keep that contract, yes. Makes sense.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 20:20
Yeah, I enjoy a resignation. Yeah.
I can stay until the end of November, actually. Okay.
Yes, that's it for me. [Laughter] Thank you guys.
Isaac | 21:14
Thank you, that's great. Great job.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 21:29
Does anyone change.
Isaac | 21:45
By the way, Louise, you're probably going to be meeting these people in person in February. You know the V.
Perfect. Yeah, it's going to be great. It's going to be great to actually meet them in real life after you know them from the consoom from a business that has already... yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 22:29
So it's not working, it's like a burgering.
Isaac | 22:37
I'll be joined. Yeah, no problem.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 22:54
Tuesday. Okay, that' fine. I can go on boarding on Monday. [Laughter] Unlike the other one, it's how's the.
Isaac | 23:03
Going with Irien? How's it going with Irien? By the way, that's a new client from this week, right?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 23:09
Dorothy William. Yeah, I had a chance to talk to him yesterday, and you know what? He's really happy that he's very busy. He said, "I feel like I am... They are really using me." So I told them,
"That's a really good problem." It's a problem, but it's a good problem because your skill fits what they're looking for. Then he said, he was actually asked for some suggestions and advice as early as four days days?
Isaac | 23:54
Say it again. Yes, okay, send him an email saying how's it Basically.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 24:05
Yeah, yes, it's really having.
Isaac | 24:14
Okay, I'll send a send.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 24:15
A message. I think the skills really fit, because aside from him being a data scientist, his being a TPA is a skill that needs to be in that position. So I told him, "You are really doing great. Keep it up and then just let me know if there are things that need to be informed by two o'clock, but for now, he's really okay. He's really happy.
The client, he said, too.
Isaac | 24:45
S is really happy it Will or William?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 24:47
William Yam, we call it. He wants to be called Yam.
Isaac | 24:52
YAM. Yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 24:54
YAM William.
Isaac | 24:56
And says he's really happy, but really happy so far.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:02
Yeah, really happy. He's busy, but it's really a good thing that he's busy and so.
Isaac | 25:13
Well, okay, alright, I'll just send e in a message. Yeah, good idea.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:24
Yeah, the IP industries, Dorothy, but I haven't spoken to her. But I have already set up a check-in on Monday, based on the talks that we had. Yeah, it's doing great. She's doing great, yeah, she's... She said she's okay, and then Dorothy... Yeah, Rori, so she's okay, she's currently doing well, and then I think another one, but it's not a new client. Remember Carla, the replacement for Tracy for Prime?
Yeah, she said she's okay, but she's just... She's overwhelmed with the schedule because she was advised by Jamie for the meantime. Her schedule's very flexible. So she usually goes on a PSC time, but then Jamie wants her sometimes to go on an ESD time, so it's either she starts at nine or starts at twelve, but she's definitely fine with that. Yeah.
Yeah. And? But she's now on ST too. [Laughter] Yeah, [Laughter].
The very friendly cor.
Isaac | 27:11
I have it. I have it from the welcome e mail. Okay, so I'll just email Rori and Ierin.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 27:32
Three times on [Laughter].
Yes, from nine to ten to eleven, so but she's a girl on Carla.
Isaac | 28:09
What's the name with the VA again? Sorry.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:11
Carla.
Isaac | 28:15
Carla. And she's been there for one week.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:18
Yeahm. One. Yep.
Jeb is really doing very well. I'm sorry, Caesar is really happy with what we have, with the game plan we have. So what I did before was I talked to Anne, because Caesar once, Jeptom Mir Anne's way of doing things.
And so when I talk to Anne, I asked her because I think they already talked about it when Ashley was here, but I wasn't involved. So I rechecked with Anne again, and then this, she laid down all the things that she's doing, and then I checked with Jep, if that's what she's doing, then we tweak something.
Like I told her. I told him aside from the ED, the SOD, and the tracker, I told Jep to be more visible, to Caesar, because that's what he wants, even if he's not being asked by Caesar. Just please make sure to inform him what he's doing.
Caesar is really okay with that? They actually responded to Jep's emails, even if it's not an ED or SOD. Caesar's really thankful for that.
Isaac | 29:50
Fantastic, great, well done, fantastic, good.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 29:57
[Laughter] no, I think it's more than yellow now she's he's close to green. They're just give him. Yeah, yellow. Give him one to one week and then he will have the bright green now bright green.
Isaac | 30:12
Then fantastic fantas. Thank you. Yes. [Laughter] I thought that was in the finance department. No [Laughter] happy.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 31:35
It's so cold. My goodness, that's why I'm wearing these. Yeah, it's summer, but.
Isaac | 31:42
Where are you.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 31:42
What city? I'm here in Warren Bull Victoria, it's in a regional so Warrington.
Isaac | 31:50
What's it called?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 31:51
Wire it's breathing. Let's not [Laughter] just double R and I'll put it here in our meeting chat. Meeting. Yeah, that's why that one. And you know what, you see, what's funny here.
Isaac | 32:12
Very complicated.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 32:13
I know. What's funny here is that when I left the Philippines. Remember, there's a typhoon and then when I landed. When we landed here, I think one week ago. There's a cyclone in Darwin, but it's too far from us.
There's a cyclone category two in Darwin, although it's too far from us. But I think the cyclone and typhoon are chasing It's like whatever [Laughter] within the. [Laughter] Yeah. [Laughter] Factor [Laughter] like that.
It's too cold in here, even if it's summer. Yeah, it is when we were here in winter, and it's super. Yeah, it's freezing. I think I almost had frostbite. It's so cold, although it's not really snowing. There's a part in Melbourne which has, what do we call that? Snow, but here it's not.
The mountain, but the wind, I mean, the breeze is very cold and very dry, so that's why I keep on putting chapstick. What about lip balm?
Because my lips are like... I'm having windburn, so... Yeah, and I have socks. Three socks right now.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 34:02
It's layer layerop.
Isaac | 34:08
Yeah.
We're international actually, right?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 34:24
Yes, we're really global. [Laughter] Yes.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 34:41
Thank you so much. Yeah, I think I have to adjust something with my laptop because it happened yesterday. I saw when I did my check-in. But anyway, for my outliers, I have two in red. One is Mala, who has already been offboarded.
So at plus. And I believe we already have... Yes. And then without.
Isaac | 35:13
So would it be a replacement for her or not?
And after, right?
Right, you guys? Yeah. I mean, in a way, Andrea is maybe the most important person in Atlas because they're the owners are like us, they're not really in the detail, but yeah, it's good.
Louise and Krissy are working with Andrea. She's very important. And then, yeah, say for you with Rachel as well. These two people are very important to our business.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 36:33
And next on my list is Cherry. So [Laughter] my later point is Cherry, but I'm not really sure what's gonna happen here. Are we gonna offboard her soon, or are we going to wait for Erica? Erica's decision?
Because I believe she has not given us, like, a final say yes on the situation.
Isaac | 37:00
We have nothing to lose by waiting until Monday. No, you know, to see what happens with her. What happens with her? There's no right-criticism. I mean, yeah, I've written to Erica, but I guess I can push her again.
But in a way, we might as well wait until Monday to see what happens. Okay, but we know Erica is keen to keep up if she doesn't want to retrain. If she writes to you on Sunday and says, "Hey, I've had a change of mind, I really want to start tomorrow."
Yeah, fine. I'm okay with that. If the client wants that, let's keep the option on the table, basically, just in case.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 37:40
Got it?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 37:41
Yeah, those are two on red.
Isaac | 37:43
I definitely... Let's not forget to chase the client on Monday, you know, at 12:00 or whatever, to say, "Hey, what's going on?" All right.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 37:55
We could do that. For yellow. All of these people are from Atlas. So I've been meeting the Atlas people for the last two weeks, and a few of them actually raised a concern regarding the workload being overwhelming. Same, more or less the same concern that Ner actually raised last week.
But Ner was very specific with his concern. Him not being compensated enough. And I did talk to him. I did present him. Because when we last had a conversation with Crisy about this, the action plan was to put Ner in the referral program.
So I did inform him that he's going to receive an additional $100 for the next five months. But he said that even with the additional $500 we're giving him, it's not enough with what he is doing right now.
So he was.
Isaac | 39:01
W which referral program? $500. Which one?
Okay.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 39:58
Let me just check, because I haven't really memorized everything yet. I've lost
because I'm doing the weekly report that I'll be sending to Andrea later today and actually included the title. So, Ner is a leasing coordinator.
Isaac | 40:34
Is he coming up to one year, or is he just wanting more money because why not?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 40:49
Yes.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 41:01
Very cool.
Isaac | 41:13
Performance. I don't think we should ever give ATLA feedback on the salary. I think we should never do it. So definitely not specific, even worse, would be anonymous. From their point of view, they're going to... I'm
fine. If there's a complaint on the work, fine. As long as you do it in a respectful way or whatever, no problem. But yeah, we should never give feedback on the cost. Basically, unless it's a one-year that's up.
If the person wants to quit, they're welcome to quit. But it's more important that we don't change the system for ATLA because we're going to be their partner for many years. So that means that we didn't price things correctly in the beginning, which I don't think is the case. There are like thirty happy people there.
But if somebody wants to change after a few months, they're welcome to leave. Fantastic. Yeah, that's fair. That's a fair comp. Rainer...
Who, by the way, had the idea to make it blind? Was it your idea, Andrea, or...? She wants us to tell the VAs, "Hey, this is blind." That's part of the point. The VAs know that, right? No, it's...
It's anonymous or not...
Okay, but we don't tell them that this is private with us, correct? We are vague about what we do with the information.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 44:37
Well, not really. Well, the way that I approach some of the GTMs is that I ask if there are... Yeah, there are a few things that they wanted to improve, like with the whole process, for the benefit of everyone.
So yes, that's how we positioned it, right?
Isaac | 45:03
Okay, but do you get my point? Yes, it's basically, let's not promise the V it's anonymous if it ends up being not anonymous. As kind of the point. It's interesting that Andrea pushed for it to be anonymous.
It's not really in her interest to do it unless she thinks that we are going to tell the VAs, "Hey, by the way, this is anonymous." Then she might get more honest data. But if she
would feel more openly... Yeah, I agree with that, but unless we tell the VAs, "By the way, give us feedback, this is anonymous," then we're not really... She's not going to have that benefit. You get my point. She's not getting the data, but the whole point of her anonymity doesn't pass through to the VA unless we tell them.
But maybe that's okay if they're honest with us. Anyway, we don't need to make a big deal out of it.
Yeah.
Yes.
For the VAs, okay, right.
Are we giving good feedback as well? You know, like the sandwich or this. Negative. Okay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 49:12
Coffee break as well. They call it coffee.
Isaac | 49:15
Copied us.
Great sandwich okay perfect alrightfect [Laughter] perfect great keep me updated. And now it's great nice guys that's yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 50:08
It's actually just you know, Herbert, Ner, and Ivy from you know, Atlas. The same concern and I'm just really... Who are people.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 50:28
They're used to it already.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 50:35
That's what I was try, that's what I have been trying to figure out, because when I met the, older members from Atlas, I specifically asked them, like, what about your task? Like, do you feel in any way overwhelmed? Some of them actually just said no.
It's just like normal workload. It's not always busy all the time. So I think it's really a mix of... I'm not really sure. I can't really say for sure right now because I'm still trying to get to know them.
Yeah, I did see the same trend coming for the.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 51:10
Newer ones. Yeah, well, I guess for the older ones or for the OGS, they're actually used to it. I remember when I talked to Mitchy, I think it was February, no notes. Yeah, February and March of this year. She used to complain things, because she's the only person in that specific department where in I think more than 50 properties and thousands of doors she is working on.
There are these properties that the reason that they got in, the people are not really nice. But then, well, she turned it around, Mitchy's really good, in terms of communicating, so I guess that's it. They're used to it, this that's why they're not complaining anymore, so I guess, yeah, yeah, mm.
Then they created a game plan of their own.
Isaac | 52:26
The new generation is spoiled. Basically, it's generation Y or X or whatever. Don't want to work.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 52:32
More of a Jenzi peeps.
Isaac | 52:34
Jenzi Yeah, I never figured out the letters, but something... [Laughter].
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 52:40
But [Laughter]. I'm actually just really glad that I've only met them since last week, but they're starting to open up. They're really giving me full, honest feedback every time I ask them.
So I'm just really taking note of it, and I'm just really happy because I got to meet Ivy. I think that was yesterday or the other day. And Ivy is kind of like... A leader of the group. Then there were a few things that I learned from her
because there are things that the GTMs would tell her about. For example, there were some of them who had a hard time understanding the concept of leaves that we have here because they thought that it was
just... I just can't say it the way I reset it, but basically that. Then another thing that she mentioned was during the typhoon, some of the GTMs actually asked her if OA has a contingency plan for emergency cases.
She did mention that Anjanosa was affected by the typhoon. I'm just not sure, but she actually thinks Andrea reached out to Jen. Then I asked her if she thinks that Andrea gave some monetary help or extended monetary help to Jen.
But she can't say for sure. So she said she'd try to fish for more information. Because of course, I didn't tell her that it's not like we're not allowing that.
But from the agency side, it's better if we know about these things.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:35
Yeah.
Isaac | 54:35
For sure, it's better for them to have the bank details for sure. Yeah, well done. Yeah, I agree. I want to be in control of the relationship. All right, very good, thanks, guys. How are we doing in terms of the workload and the number of people in the team? Because we're looking to grow it, but how are you guys doing with the number of years?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 55:04
For me, I used to do two check-ins every month. That was before when Dianaa was here, and then suddenly he left. So I cannot do one, twice anymore because of almost a hundred when I was alone. But then now, since I think I have a few added to my...
Ashley is gone. I'm now trying to start doing, for those outliers, what I keep on doing twice every month check-ins. But those who are really good at what they're doing... I'm not the... What do they call that? Miss Hawaii? Not [Laughter] the hard-headed ones. I do every month or three weeks, interval check-ins, but yeah, we're still okay, we're still doing good, and yeah, the dynamics of Louise and me are doing really great.
Isaac | 56:04
Fantastic. That's very important.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 56:19
Yeah, nothing to talk about anymore.
Isaac | 56:33
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 57:03
No, well, actually there are few or there are some GPMS, the good ones who keep on messaging me. When are we going to catch up? When are we going. No, we're not we're supposed to we're we are supposed to catch up next month.
Isaac | 57:20
Miss you. [Laughter].
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 57:21
Yes.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 57:22
They do need that [Laughter] to be from Brinson. They're very clingy, they're very [Laughter].
Isaac | 57:29
Soy, and.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 57:31
Yeah, they're very demand.
Isaac | 57:34
Our team.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 57:35
That's especially the Hoppy, the whoa, the Hawai'ans. They're kinging. Mary, we're supposed to have a check-in now, but I told her, let's just reschedule it because we have an EOW meeting. Then she said, where are we going to meet? I want to talk to you. Something like that. She keeps on telling me that. Even Sancha. In the afternoon.
[Laughter]. Yeah, that's what they keep on asking me. By the way, Miss Crisy, Trisha from HA, the one of the staff accountants, I told her, I think I told you already, she's pregnant. She's five to six months pregnant now, and she's asking what's next for her. What she needs to do.
Yeah, she is. She knows. She knows. Step. And Ashley knows.
But I only leave, yeah, no, [Laughter] it's going to be months, let's not tell them. My God, yeah, true, yeah, for regular, I mean, for what do you call that normal delivery? It may take 30 to 45 days, but for Caesar section, I think it's gonna it's probably 90 to 120 days.
So it's like four months of not working. So let's not tell them. No. [Laughter].
Isaac | 01:00:19
I mean, it's expectation. We don't have employees in the Philippines that we're not going to get into benefits for that reason.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:00:45
Yeah, two years of... My goodness.
Isaac | 01:01:01
I think it's a good idea. Yeah.
It will definitely help with the December-January cancellations if you show them the benefit, right?
Yes, [Laughter] that's true. Actually, when you say something, people get worried that there's a problem. Right.
Yes.
By the way, if we really wanted to do something client relations, warm for Christmas, we do something where we have a message from all the VPs onto our card, and we send our cards away to them. A message from each of your VPs. If you want to have their head somewhere, make a cute fine, you know, and.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:03:25
What was that? I'm Miss Crazy, what was that? It's like an appreciation thing or a Christmas card thing to our clients. I think there was, we had that in one of the BPOs I've had with the convergences.
A card, although it's a... Yeah, it's like a card, and then you give a thank-you card. Yeah, an appreciation card, something like that.
Isaac | 01:03:52
Is it complicated? Basically, should we do it? I think, yeah, it'll be a nice [Laughter] okay, but what do you mean? From each one a picture on the line, basically. Right? Okay, I mean, look, to be honest, if three of them don't do it, that's their problem.
You know? It's like, we're not going to hold the whole thing up for the last three. Yeah, even if you get 95% done, it's fine.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:04:43
Yeah.
You do batch by batch.
So cute. Yeah, just bought that one. I mean, a message, what was that video message? Collating video message for everyone and then send it to the client.
Isaac | 01:05:26
I'll be a long message for Atlas, basically. But you don't that. If we can do a video, that's even better. We can send it to everyone at Atlas. It doesn't have to be to Brandon or Andrea. We can send it to everyone there, right? To the owners, to Andrea, and Gabby. Let's say, yeah, alright, I think it'll be good.
So can we do it? Can we do it for everyone? For PM and for triple A and everybody. I think it's a nice idea, right?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:06:05
Yeah, it's something. It's a give back to the client saying thank you for the wonder.
Isaac | 01:06:11
And face it, we're asking the VAS to do it, but we're probably helping them keep their job. Let's face it.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:06:17
Yeah, it's true.
Isaac | 01:06:19
The and January are like firing season, so we're trying to help them. Yeah, it's like, hello, this is my son. You know, it's my cat. Yeah, but make sure that they don't say thank you to Gillian or Andrea or whatever, because it's going to go to everyone. Make sure that they're going to play like a...
Like a name, basically. Yeah, they can say the name of a company or it doesn't. I mean, whatever. Yeah, just not the name of the person, Yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:07:14
Yeah, I did.
Isaac | 01:07:19
Yeah, we're going to take it out of context so it sounds like something else. [Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:07:29
Yeah, remove the not-so-good ones. Just retain the best [Laughter].
Isaac | 01:07:35
Exactly.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:07:38
So cute.
And it's counting.
Isaac | 01:08:27
I think it's great, guys, let's do it. This is the first year we're running it, I'm sure it's going to be a success. I think it's going to be.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:08:34
Great for Atlas. Just, Louise, limit then to five seconds. A five-second video for creating.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 01:08:43
Like, a message for them. And I ask them to read a part of the message, and then we'll just connect [Laughter].
Isaac | 01:08:52
That's a good idea. Then we control the narrative.
Thank you for not giving us too many [Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:09:16
Yeah, that's a good one. That's great. I...