shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:00
Sa the next spike up is at 02:56. I go, my kind of good morning. When your next spike up is, the air will be and is in a changing sensor.
Crissy Santarin | 00:21
Develop I II but it has Tao and machine I do not very good but not Bhutan I very late actually.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 00:25
Wow.
Crissy Santarin | 00:33
Masmadin tamadi k the bana in Zen name LP 1 aman normalisian sugarco a I'm anth yo.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 00:35
[Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:50
My me and AA do.
Crissy Santarin | 00:56
[Laughter] Pericom kumis sababa di like the dianganga ai so hiko anagabasa the haina normal sugark tana bab so in nikam kng this week is, you know, is very challenging.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:20
[Laughter] The home is crazy for the problem there, miss crazy is your mood swings.
Crissy Santarin | 01:24
We are in diabetic began to [Laughter] we're actually just catching up because you were talking about, you know, like blood sugar because Mimi and Mammy Shey had, you know, sort of similar to, like, first spike.
Isaac | 01:39
PO [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 01:56
I think, like, mine actually went down, so.
Isaac | 02:02
You guys are sharing the one person going from one to the other.
Crissy Santarin | 02:04
[Laughter] No, the sugar. Sugar level? The sugar, yeah, the black sugar.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 02:08
That's true. Yeah. It's so ironic that I am thankful that my sugar reading spike up because I thought all the while my sensor is not working because for the last 24 hours my sugar is like 100 9120 even if I eat already.
So I thought all the while the sensor is really not working. And then I pray to God. Lord God. Please make sure that my center works. Because it's too pricey. And then after, right after I eat, my sugars spike up to 236.
So.
Crissy Santarin | 02:44
Normal. So that means you're eating healthy in the last few days.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 02:46
Yeah. My God.
Crissy Santarin | 02:54
Okay, but there we go, those are news. I'm actually excited for this outlier discussion. Not because you... (Laughter) You have not outliers, but I actually want to hear about the recent update. Casey, what happened with Stephanie and KRV right?
So I actually want to hear firsthand how they actually go because that's actually going to be a good initiative if we actually start doing straight replacements. Yeah. So. Let's hear it from yout.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 03:25
Yeah, so basically, the last email that we received from them is that I think they're quite desperate on what's gonna happen next. So I told them that it would be better if we could just sit down and talk about things.
But I've already... Ted... To look for a replacement that they think would fit on their culture. Because I had a conversation with Rochelle to check on her morale and to really get into her mind. What's her feedback with regard to the too much replacement?
That's been happening. And then she said that I think we would need to get somebody that is, first resilient, second is collaborative, third is doesn't have any extra-curricular activities. In a sense that the main focus was just to work. To work with GA or B, even on her personal life, she's not doing anything.
So, good thing I was able to profile Roma. Roma? So, her two children are already grown up. They're already working in the corporate. So, she's just doing things on her own. So basically, if she's working, the only thing that she needs to do is to really work.
Plus, I think in terms of doing a lot of meetings, she's already... Because she was able to do it with B. Plus, she's very open and very straight when we were communicating. So, I asked her about her profile when it comes to being a maintenance coordinator. She said that it's... She's actually rooted in that. She's been in the PM side for the last seven years and most of it as a maintenance coordinator. At the same time, she's very immersed with a folio. She does invoicing, she does tenant coordination, and she has good communication skills.
But the way that I talked to her this time, I honestly did not do sugar coating. I just told her what she needs to expect. I told her that what really happened that we had some... We have a total of four replacements already.
I told her that I needed with Roma, not yet with Steph, because before I need to go to Steph, I need to make sure because I learned that from what we did before.
Crissy Santarin | 06:10
This is the conversation you had with Roma? Yeah.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 06:23
Chrisy remember, before we talk to them, we'll already have a person in mind or profiles in mind before we pitch for the replacement.
So, after profiling Roma, that's the time that I responded to Steph to talk about the replacement. I said that this is actually a recommendation. But I wanted you to know that you have the full prerogative whether you wanted to go with her or not.
So yes, I still wanted you to meet her, but this is her background. Then I told her that I am taking this as my personal project myself. So, I told them that as an action plan, I'm going to do a start of day and end of day conversation with Roma.
Crissy Santarin | 06:58
[Laughter].
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 07:03
Give them a daily updates. On what? On how Roma is growing into the role while in training.
Then I told them... And then I told staff that I badly needed her collaborative mindset on this one. So I told her about the feedback, if she could be more specific on the things that she thinks Roma is not doing well during the training so that I can reinforce it during our conversation inside.
So, yeah, tomorrow they're happy to go with Roma. I still wanted to have them meet Roma. If it's good to go, then we can start the agreement with them for Roma, and she can get started on the other side. I will have to catch up with Rochelle before Roma starts so that I can actually prep it as Rochelle. I'm making sure that she is mentoring Roma. That way, they would have a very good relationship because Roma has a very strong character.
As well as Sa, I don't want them to feel as if they are competing with each other. Rather, I want them to see each other as a team. So I wanted to reiterate and reinforce the purpose of hiring Roma was actually to give Rochelle a breather so the chicken could take a leave eventually and not take Saturday's schedule.
So those are the things I'll just probably go through right away with B.M., because this is something that I'm currently working on. So, as you know, Jep is an outlier. So what I'm doing with Jep or the last...
I think I've been working with him for the last four weeks already. I am doing a collaboration with Cesar. One thing that I was able to uncover with Cesar is that he doesn't like the way that Jep is answering emails.
So I'll probably be needing your help here, Chrisy, because I believe we were able to run a training for us about how we will be able to leverage AI and answer emails. Better.
So I'm planning to give a run-through of that on Jeff on one of our check-ins. Plus, I uncovered that Caesar wanted the way that Anne is doing the updates, so I decided to have Jeff mirror whatever Anne is doing.
So I did a meeting with Anne, and I had a catch-up with her to have a better understanding of what her SOP is, and then we will be meeting at 4 am Manila time today to upscale. Jeff and I already talked to Caesar to ask for her
approval that we will be in a training period within the ship. And Caesar was very generous and gave the green light for that one. The only thing I was about to battle right now was actually Mona.
Though, there was an email that they would have to eventually let go of Mona, but I don't want to.
Crissy Santarin | 10:49
At last.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 10:50
I don't want to. Yes, at last. I don't want to go into that right away. We just let it be. So I just wanted to get your green light.
If it's okay to reach out to Gabi to ask for specific things that they wanted Mona to probably patch up, if there's still a hope on that one.
If you will not give me the go signal, then I'm just gonna let it go.
Crissy Santarin | 11:14
At this stage. Casey probably not, because they're actually up for replacement, we have a lineup for them and all. I think I've scheduled all of the interviews for next week.
So I think with our current working relationship with Atlas, if they say that they're letting go of someone, how we actually do is just listen to it because it's easier that way rather than say, "Hey, we don't want to work it out."
That's a reason. Like it's easier for us to just go for a replacement straight So.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 11:46
Got it?
Crissy Santarin | 11:47
Yeah. So I think with Lu, there's no point of mitigation if they say they don't like that person.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 11:49
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 11:53
They don't like that person.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 11:56
YP the one that is in red right now was actually Jericho, she/he got two concept two, he got two technical issues for the entire week already.
Crissy Santarin | 11:56
So.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 12:09
And it's actually about the laptop. So, as for the behavior of Atlas, if it's like that, most likely they will let go of somebody. So I don't know, I'm just gonna check in.
Crissy Santarin | 12:20
That person, RA, how many months would Atlas be in September.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 12:24
It started September 2nd.
Crissy Santarin | 12:29
And this is the first time he had issues with his computer like how old is his computer? He should have at least planned that ahead. That you know, if he doesn't have a backup.
That's what fourth salary with us already he could have bought on your computer. That's just my two cents on it. And.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 12:46
Already. I already told him that the best option would be changing the laptop and he said that he will update me tomorrow, so I will be sending him a message. Lunch time or Philippine time. Just to check up on him if he really went to the technician, if he really went to the store because he might be...
You know, he might not go. So I wanted to make sure that he will. So I'll update you guys on that one. I'll check back with him later today.
Crissy Santarin | 13:17
Because I remember he was on the same batch as Lemory.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 13:17
Lunchtime. And then?
Crissy Santarin | 13:21
So I'm just cautious on that tech issue because that's what started happening with GMMORY, right? Her computer started having issues connecting and then not loading the workspace, and then eventually because of the technical issue, apparently it's not registering any activity she had in a folio which led to her terminations.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 13:44
Yeah, three.
Crissy Santarin | 13:46
So if it is already the second instance that Jericho had issues with her with his computer. And if it does, this doesn't get fixed. You know, it's already. The gate is already open.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 13:59
Good, would you say? Think he's pretty aware, but... Yeah, I'm just gonna make sure that he goes to the shop tomorrow. Because sometimes they will just say it, but then they will become lazy and not go.
So just to make sure at least [Laughter] that's all for my outlier.
Crissy Santarin | 14:13
Yeah. Okay. Got it. I think f [Laughter].
Isaac | 14:19
Alright, yeah, thanks, guys. A good job on the two on dealing with the two clients. Yeah, it's great that they didn't cancel. You could work with them to keep the contracts. And my only question is, I don't know who decided, but what? Why did we decide to put Roma as a replacement with KAB and not somebody with a better track record?
Crissy Santarin | 14:44
Not somebody new.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 14:47
Well, as what they mentioned to you as what they mentioned, with the I think last three, three, four weeks that I worked with Roma. To be honest, Isaac, we have a very... He's very proactive in letting me know what's happening.
Crissy Santarin | 15:00
[Laughter].
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 15:06
I honestly do not know. I understand that Bart told us that she's not doing well, but based on the...
Honestly, based on the screenshot that she provided to me, that Bart sent her. Bart was telling her that she's doing a good job. So, probably I'm just gonna do the work on making sure that I am meeting her every day to make sure that she's doing the past. It might be a lot of work, but I'd rather...
I think I'd take my chance to somebody that is very open with me. Rather than putting somebody that we are not really sure of. And I think it's really rooted on the lot of hours of meeting. That's the reason why people are getting overwhelmed with Garby and with my.
Crissy Santarin | 16:10
I sorry. Go ahead, Later.
Isaac | 16:15
Yeah, I look, the fact that she says that she's doing a great job, but the client says she's got a comprehension or focus deficit. The fact that she's confident for me is worse. Rather than putting somebody that we are not really sure of, she said she did a bad job when the client... That the fact that she's surprised that there's a problem is... For me, it's a problem, not a good thing, right? I'm not awfully confident because she assessed her own work as doing great for me.
It's a problem. Then you know the fact that KR is probably a more difficult environment to work in if you send her into a place that's more difficult with bigger turnover. Why do we think she'll do a better job there than we bought? How do you end up in this position? This is a very generic role.
It's like probably your key rental maintenance coordinator or something like that. Don't we have a million fresh A players that you can put in without all the baggage and the evidence that there's a problem?
Crissy Santarin | 17:24
[Laughter] she has as ship or I guess asa like what casey's assessment on this one is like I'm just looking at both points.
Isaac | 17:28
That's a relationship with her. That's nice. But we have a relationship with Tel. Turning around people there every month and want to keep it right?
Crissy Santarin | 17:46
I agree with you, basically because we met Bart, right?
The issue with Roma is he said the comprehension reading on what KR B's experience is already, I'm guessing the reason why Casey made that decision is because of the reliability, I guess. Roma hasn't had any attendance issues and that she has been very responsive to us and it's actually the major issue with the five placements we've already had. With KR B for this road.
Isaac | 18:23
I they disappeared or died.
Crissy Santarin | 18:26
Exactly.
So I think that's what Casey banked on, the reliability that we already have, that this person, no matter if they give her bad feedback, she would still turn up the next day. And that we can chase her, we can talk to her, we will know what was happening. Rather than going MIA, I guess that's the reason why Casey.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 18:48
Yeah basically.
Crissy Santarin | 18:49
So it's not really the relationship, but more on the proof that she's been reliable.
Isaac | 18:50
Okay, better the devil you know.
Crissy Santarin | 18:59
Yeah. So.
Isaac | 19:01
Yeah, at least you'll turn.
Crissy Santarin | 19:02
Yeah.
Isaac | 19:03
Okay, I understand the point absolutely.
Crissy Santarin | 19:06
Because I think what we need to battle on with Garby is having V as going MIA. Because it's not the first time that they want MIA. [Laughter] And that's always the problem.
They always like... There's always a reason why they went MIA, either... Apparently they got sick. That's why they didn't report. Number know.
Isaac | 19:28
The sick ones are the ones who are lucky.
Crissy Santarin | 19:30
[Laughter] So yeah, but it's exactly that I [Laughter] yeah, I don't know whether Alex had left the first but [Laughter] it's the first one that plan I [Laughter] went MIA right.
Isaac | 19:30
No, the one who was sick and stayed the night with the lucky ones.
[Laughter] the alch.
Crissy Santarin | 19:53
So. But that would dependently. So I guess you know that that's the reason why, just by reading the reasoning that Casey gave here and hearing from the frustration of Stephanie.
I think like what we're trying to address this time is for IQ this time.
Isaac | 20:09
Fly. You're optimizing for attendance, not for IQ. Okay, understand.
Crissy Santarin | 20:16
So at least we can tell them that. Okay, this person has been reliable, but it still hasn't worked for you. So it's not us anymore. We tried on the high AI people before, but they gave up. [Laughter] So?
Isaac | 20:29
[Laughter] Qui yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 20:31
So? Yeah. So. Gave you average IQ in the these st.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 20:37
Better step is very much interested in training, so probably we could leverage on that.
Crissy Santarin | 20:38
[Laughter].
Isaac | 20:47
Fine, okay, understand, okay, fine, let's see how it goes. I understand. Yeah, fine.
Crissy Santarin | 20:51
Yeah, and I think because even Chapin have mentioned that they're very hands-on anyway, they like holding.
Isaac | 20:52
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 21:00
So if they want to hold hands forever, we give them a reliable person.
Isaac | 21:03
Two.
Crissy Santarin | 21:04
They can hold the hands [Laughter] forever if they can, right?
Like we because we bunked on reliability. You can count on her. You called her today. She will turn up still, she won't go MIA, you know, so, but yeah, I think it's still a good try, Isaac. Let's see how it goes. At least she won't...
I think that's the thing we have here. She won't go MIA. [Laughter] So yeah, so we need to be doing daily checking.
Isaac | 21:31
[Laughter] Okay, I understood. Okay, this gross fingers gross. I'm sick of calling Champlin with apologies. I've only to meet that.
Crissy Santarin | 21:43
Yeah, that's the reason why we stepped away from this one, Casey. We end it here because...
Because last night, the first time it was Isaac that called them, and the second and the third, it was me. So now, we'll give this to... So at least he knows that [Laughter] we don't want to put more pressure on them, but, yeah, let's see how this plan works out.
So are you going to be doing daily catch-ups with Roma?
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 22:10
Yeah. Start of day and end of day, and then really, give that feedback with Stah. It's the same thing with her, every end of week. She'll be more specific on how Roma is progressing so that I could do reinforcement during the formal coaching every.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 22:32
Every week.
Crissy Santarin | 22:33
Okay, sounds. Sounds good. Okay. So who's next on our list?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 22:41
Okay, I'll be the next. I don't really have outliers. The only thing that I have right now is Dianara. Not because of her performance, but because I just heard from her that Tretones hired a new accounting staff.
It's an offshore from another... I don't know if it's an agency or direct. Then they got it. Her full-time. Her name is Wendy. Now, the only thing that I put her on red is because I wanted to make sure that she excels. Since she is just a part-time, I just wanted to make sure.
Well, Miss Chrisy already mentioned to me that we need to monitor her to ensure that she really excels in whatever she's doing. She should be more proactive in all because, again, a part-time versus a full-time or...
Yeah, or yes, exactly, but she said as of the moment, even though she was... What do you call this?
Crissy Santarin | 23:38
There's a competition there.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 23:46
The statement is being removed from her financial statement, I guess. But then she was. She was given sha. The access to their bank, so she can work on that at the latter part of her, or her schedule.
So, yeah, that's the only outlier we have outlier I have in right now.
Isaac | 24:11
What? about him? He's going to another agency? That's the surprising part, No.
Crissy Santarin | 24:17
Yeah, I'm not sure. Isa, on why he's going to another agency, it's either probably one. Maybe he's trying to see if the remote setup actually works for him. Because we're not even sure if it's a remote agency as well or if it's a director.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 24:39
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 24:40
So it could be that, because he owns the business. He probably tried to... I'm not sure. Maybe it's a stepping stone to learn how we are doing things or how to handle a remote team, and now technically he has experience on it because they've been going for half a year now, right from the first three, yeah, first six months, yeah, so for the first three, they're already going on for half a year now.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:01
Yes. Six months.
Crissy Santarin | 25:09
They pretty much know how this works.
Because maybe they're like what happened with LDR Isaac. Remember, they first had their VAS with us, and then they started hiring directly.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 25:19
Yeah, just.
Crissy Santarin | 25:27
Until they got rid of all of our cold collars, until...
Well, there was one... There was one left, the OGI, which was the one that resigned recently. So I mean, I think it's like that maybe that's what happened there. They took us as a case study. It worked
for them, maybe. So I think what we can just have is what Shey mentioned, I gave feedback on this, I would say that to make sure that Diana is still and remains as a player so that they can realize that even if Diana is just doing part-time, she's done a better job than the full-time they got directly or something like that.
So, make sure that if there's any trade secret that she has, keep it to if.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 26:18
Give a difference.
Crissy Santarin | 26:19
Yeah, just train her, you know, basic training, right? But not above and beyond sort of thing like leave.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 26:27
No, don't share best practices [Laughter] for her sale yeah true yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 26:30
Keep her best practices to herself.
Yeah. So yeah, CA, I'm guessing they probably found confidence in getting another person because of what Diana has done for them. You know, they probably think, "Okay, a part-time person can do all this. How much more can a full-time person do?
Isaac | 26:51
Yeah. I remember actually the problem with the part-time, full-time there was a hiccup in our process. Remember the... Was it done? Was it going to go time?
Crissy Santarin | 27:06
Actually, it was another person before the era, and they... Because they offered her the person just as part-time as well.
Then when they decided, when we told them that the person got another offer for full-time, that's when they decided, "How about to offer them full-time?"
It's like, "Well, totally. You should have decided the first time, like.
Isaac | 27:31
It could be that he wanted to take control over the next hire because he got frustrated with that part. What happened with us? Not our fault, but what happened with us as an agency...
Maybe he wants to cut costs. Maybe he wants to have direct control over the process.
Crissy Santarin | 27:44
Yeah, there.
Isaac | 27:46
Yeah, he doesn't want any more surprises.
Crissy Santarin | 27:47
Yeah, but.
Isaac | 27:50
That maybe that's it.
Crissy Santarin | 27:51
Yeah, it could be that. But it's still gonna be a good measure for us if we keep all of the first three, plus the part-timer Diana, to continue to be a player.
So because... I know that what happened? You remember Ross, Isaac? He's part of that first batch. The first three moved from being a CSR and now he's a team leader. It's like... Property manager.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:20
Yeah, it's property managerm.
Crissy Santarin | 28:24
So they didn't even talk about increasing the rate of Ross even if he asked.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:28
No.
Crissy Santarin | 28:29
From just customer support to now being a property manager. It could be that as well as... You've seen all these people that he hired from us that... TED you know that from OA that... Remote talent would work for us. As long as I can get the same caliber.
Maybe that's why he's trying it on his own, but we just have to make sure that our people are better than what he sourced. I outsourced basically somewhere else. So... [Laughter] I guess like what happened with... right?
Isaac | 29:04
I'm going to send you a cookingil to us not I's doing anyway.
Yeah. Alright.
Crissy Santarin | 29:17
Louise.
Isaac | 29:17
Yeah, look, as good as I'm gonna send you an email just to ask them how things are going in a general way, you know, because it's just a general checking, but.
Yeah, good to know that we might have a problem, basically.
Crissy Santarin | 29:30
Okay, agree.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 29:32
But to inject something regarding Tretones. I think the only CSR right now, with them, is Natasha, because Stef is currently an OIC for some properties that Kim is handling. Kim is on maternity leave. She'll be back in November.
So technically, Natasha is the only one. I asked her if it's something that if she needs someone to help her. She said if Kim will extend her maternity leave, then definitely, Ross will. I don't know if Ross already talked to Jason about asking for another person for the CSR team or not, but definitely, they are thinking of, suggesting that to Jason to add another person for CSR.
Crissy Santarin | 30:23
So technically, right now, are we outnumbering his onshore staff because.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 30:30
Well, technically, yeah, true, yes, yeah, Stephanie, yes, exactly.
Crissy Santarin | 30:31
Because what I've heard, first off, the one with Ross, the property manager left, right?
That's why it was replaced by Ross, and I know that with Diana, she replaced someone else in the accounting department. So basically, he's doing it. One by one, he's replacing his onshore people with our offshore.
So now Kim is another onshore staff that's going on maternity leave that's being seeded now by one of our people. So, yeah, I think maybe I have that additional all-outsourced person. It's just like what they did with Atlas. They don't want to put all their eggs in one basket.
Maybe. Maybe it's like a contingency, but yeah, let's see, let's continue to support our team because if that's how it's actually going, then, yeah, I think the next big thing for us is to prepare more members for them.
Isaac | 31:14
Yeah, [Laughter].
Basically, you want to arrange another few client check-ins for next week with us. Select some people like Haveny, people we haven't spoken to in a while. Just check in. For us, it is a last chance before the end of the year. Let's listen to that. Let's meet some of our more recent clients.
One month, three months, six months, check-ins, just as an excuse. Maybe half of them will say everything is fine, but the other half, let's meet those that we haven't met in the last few months.
I know we have a system for it. If they could just pick five or ten people and that's hearing Jason, do you think.
Crissy Santarin | 32:12
Yeah, let's have that.
Isaac | 32:15
I think it'll help just to lock them in before the new year. Maybe we'll get referrals, maybe they'll get more requirements.
I think we haven't done it in a while. We should do it every quarter, just meet some recent clients without an agenda.
Crissy Santarin | 32:28
Sure.
Isaac | 32:28
All right, so let's just try and add Jason to that list as well. Maybe you'll say everything is okay, but Jason Haveny, I don't know who else. Some of the more recent... We spoke about it last week just to get them more engaged with OA all. You can just go through the list and just pick out ten recent clients, alright?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 32:54
Yeah, and just to add up one more thing with Katie Garcia from Reynolds. I checked. I got an AI check-in with her yesterday, and she said they already have... She was offering if she can do four more hours. The question was if she can do all the tasks in four hours.
But then it was... But then the client said no, if she can add four more hours from her shift. So technically, she is... She was trying to be offered for a full-time job. But then the decision will be by next week.
So I hope you can talk to Reynolds and see if we can have her full-time because she's already on her sixth month already last October first.
Isaac | 33:46
Chrisy good. Thank you for that show. Chrisy, that's a good show. We're looking for an excuse for why we want to meet them. So, any benchmark with time is a nice mutual way to do it.
Crissy Santarin | 33:58
Yeah.
Isaac | 33:58
So if it's a six months, let's decide who we want to meet, and then let's add on the excuse three months. Six months, end of the year, Halloween... I don't care. Any excuse to give it up or no Thanksgiving... Exactly, want to thank you Thanksgiving.
Crissy Santarin | 34:11
Thanksgiving as well.
Isaac | 34:16
You know, let's decide. We want to meet and let's find the excuse. And Chris, if you can please send by 12:10 of these, probably end up reading four or five.
Crissy Santarin | 34:26
Yeah, we can have that on another discussion, probably tomorrow. Isaac, I'll follow up the list with Vic because we asked her to create a sheet for it, right?
Isaac | 34:32
Okay, right.
Crissy Santarin | 34:36
So. So that and then we'll we can actually pick out on the list and who we want to send and invite to tomorrow.
Isaac | 34:45
Perfect. Yeah, follow the last chance before the end of the year. We can probably do it every quarter or something. We'll work it, figure it out. It's always good to meet our clients.
You know, it's a good use of Outli, especially if we know that there's a problem or an opportunity.
Crissy Santarin | 34:55
Yeah, sounds good.
Isaac | 34:59
But even the more recent ones to get more engaged with them, right?
Crissy Santarin | 35:03
Yeah, okay, alright, so Louise, your turns RPM Isaac, remember they had an overlap.
Isaac | 35:05
Okay, thanks. Right, yeah, so we'll have those Delirium camps at Reynolds.
Speaker 5 | 35:12
Okay? Over here. Yeah. So I actually have still two people on the red list. First is Kay, who will be off boarded end of shift tomorrow, and second is Jake, who, unfortunately, I do not know what his faith is.
All right, now I'm not even sure if he.
Isaac | 35:33
Who can just remind who the clients are? I don't always remember the clients with the re at the end.
Crissy Santarin | 35:40
They have the recent replacement in an overlap and Jake is the one from Rhino.
Isaac | 35:41
Okay, yeah, five.
Crissy Santarin | 35:46
So, Louise, what do you just have to do with the one for Rhino?
Because they didn't give us an actual end date for thank you. Is just check in with BAM, maybe just draft an email just to check in with BAM on if because on our last conversation, she said that she won't renew Jake for November, so just to confirm with her, but I think BAM paid for the November service fee already, right?
Isaac | 36:10
Perfect.
Crissy Santarin | 36:17
I can't remember, but she did, but yeah, but it's still good to confirm this.
Isaac | 36:19
Yeah, I think yes, I think it is. Yeah, I know Chrisy, I think that was a delayed payment from last month I very late.
Crissy Santarin | 36:28
Yeah, while she was making this, yes, while she was making and so yeah, maybe it's a good timing to already follow up as well.
Speaker 5 | 36:30
Very la.
Crissy Santarin | 36:36
Louise just to confirm that she's all set for onboarding Jake by the end of the month.
Speaker 5 | 36:45
All I'll do that.
Crissy Santarin | 36:46
Yeah, because we want to prevent the issue of this. Because we had an issue like this before where we didn't confirm the date and we just, you know, we just want to make sure that that's still their plan.
So maybe draft a message and then put it in our group chat. Isaac can review the draft for us.
Speaker 5 | 37:06
Okay, I'll do that after this meeting. I have a few in orange. I have one with Ruth Lin, who has been on the orange list for the last three meetings. Now I'm putting her up until our next check-in because I wanted to ask her if Darrell is still being unreasonable.
But other than that, we have no performance issues for her. AA who has been on leave for two days, she actually just returned to work today, but with her father's recent passing, so I'm putting her in orange.
Crissy Santarin | 37:34
Three.
Speaker 5 | 37:41
I'm actually keeping a close eye on her, really just making her feel that, you know, she is supported and just to communicate with us with, you know, what, whatever she needs.
And then lastly. Would be Zenvik. Which I told you guys about yesterday, about the recent playoffs in the team, but I actually just gave her assurance that at this point, what's happening is not really to be concerning because, as mentioned, projects at this time of the year are very slow.
I just really informed her to just really make sure that she keeps up with her tasks, continuously meeting deadlines to really make sure that we're on a good spot.
She is actually really worried, but I told her not to really think about that much, just to really focus on her tasks. Other than that, I pretty much have the most number of VOs offboarded for the last two or three weeks.
I have Jessa, who resigned, and Lorna, whose client ended the partnership with our assistants, and Lea, who was questioned about productivity and visibility. So, unfortunately, I didn't really see it coming, especially for Lea Spark, because for the most part, since I took over, she didn't really mention anything or any red flags at all.
So, I think the biggest thing right now right.
Crissy Santarin | 39:14
Fairloone. We're getting... I revived that relie.
Isaac | 39:16
In these meetings, this is for everyone if you can.
Crissy Santarin | 39:19
[Laughter] I revived that already.
Isaac | 39:20
What's up.
Crissy Santarin | 39:21
We're getting a replacement for Lea.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 39:25
For Smile? Student Still let's crazy first mile student.
Crissy Santarin | 39:29
They didn't say if it's for Smile, but it's for another thing. I'm not sure if it's for another type of work.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 39:37
So Louise.
Isaac | 39:38
If they are genuinely replacing her, then they genuinely don't like our work. It's not like they don't have the money to pay or they are frustrated with outsourcing. So I basically... I don't know her personally, but I believe that they made a fair assessment.
I know that company. They are one of our more professional clients.
Crissy Santarin | 40:02
Eight.
Isaac | 40:02
I think there are like 200 employees that I met the CEO before. She used to work for McKinsey. These are serious people. They're like Atlas, but two or three times bigger. They're a serious company, and they've been with us for a year and a half, so it's not like they're against the idea.
If I had to guess, there was an issue. I don't know. There's a word, but just if I had to guess, it was a problem with Nola?
Crissy Santarin | 40:29
Probably from the last time we had that feedback two months ago with Natalie Isaac. I remember she gave us feedback that the girls that they had with their working well and they had good feedback.
So it's either I'm guessing, either one Lea has dropped the ball, maybe because she's turned one year now.
Speaker 5 | 40:48
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 40:51
So it's she probably became too complacent and she didn't go above and beyond anymore. So it could be that she...
Because the last check-in we had with Natalie, they had good things to say with both Lea and Shina, right?
Isaac | 41:09
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 41:10
And just two months after meeting Natalie, they let go of... We know that what happened with SA was just because of the closure of that particular part or they let go of that property.
But the issue with Glaya is an actual productivity issue.
Speaker 5 | 41:27
Productivity.
Crissy Santarin | 41:28
So it's not even because just like what I have said, it's not even because they cannot afford anymore. It's more of productivity because now we're getting a replacement.
So they probably tested that and said, "Hey, Will has been gone for a week now.
Speaker 5 | 41:38
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 41:43
We're feeling the pressure. We need another person. So I think that's why it got revived.
Speaker 5 | 41:50
Yeah. So I actually agree with the client actually saying the truth. Because when you do check-ins, VAs don't really tell you everything. So, with what has been going on in my team, with those under my bucket, I'm now starting to get concerned because those three people, of course, including Jessa.
Even if she was a resignation, we all know that she had problems with LVR with her. Yeah, I think you know that. So I'm starting to get concerned. So what I did was, aside from the regular check-ins, I did a survey form, a self-assessment survey form that I sent out to the team.
Crissy Santarin | 42:31
I guess.
Speaker 5 | 42:35
Just really make sure that...
Because sometimes it's really different if you talk to the person. Because maybe when they talk to me, I'm not saying I'm intimidating, but maybe some of them get intimidated because they just don't want to have the conversation for too long.
So maybe if I do it in a written form, maybe they can better self-reflect. So that's what I did ever since I left Lea go. So as of now, I have gotten like six responses from all thirty-five VAs that I'm
I'm going to continually keep track of that. Because so far, they're writing really good feedback about themselves. So I'll continue doing that up until next week so that the results are those items that they write on the feedback. I could use it as a conversation starter during our next scheduled check-in with them.
Isaac | 43:32
Right. Yeah, thanks for making the idea of testing it. Let us know how you get on. Basically, the question is, is this initiative or any other ones that you guys bring to the table in the future, how can we better predict when the problem is about to come?
That's really the role of your department. Half of it is to strengthen the bond between clients and VAs, that's half of it. It codes the VAs to give feedback to the client, create integration, right?
That's why we have the name. The other half is some kind of data, being able to predict so that if we know there's a problem, we can focus more energy on coaching for a particular person. Or you can get an alternative ready. Or we can meet the client to try to get something in place before we get an email saying we want to terminate effective today.
Right? So one of it is making the situation better. The other half is assessing the situation in a difficult scenario. We're not set up with team leaders where we are responsible for the deliverables and we're not doing screenshots and we don't get involved in the day-to-day.
So from that point of view, it's good because we can scale, we can be ten times bigger today. We can have a thousand VAs and it will not be super messy to run, right? We're not having to manage ten times the work middle management.
That's why social media agencies get a certain size and then they fall apart because we don't get involved in the weeds of the deliverables. It can go for other sectors, the medical field. We can do other things and we're not going to collapse, so that's great. The downside is what you guys are dealing with, which is we don't know in detail what's going on and we're relying on the side of communication who don't lose their job.
So we have unreliable data. So yeah, if you guys can please continue to think about how we can continuously get better data. Even though we are not the main actors here, we're almost a third party. Anything they can do to help us predict would be great.
Okay, that's it. It's a continuous challenge. I'm not saying to bring the solution, and we're never going to be one hundred percent able to predict, but any initiative that can improve our ability to predict will have a big impact on how we run the company.
As we scale as well, all right.
Crissy Santarin | 46:17
Yeah, I guess I just want to bring this over. I know this is not like an outlier part of the outlier, but it can be just like what ISAC is saying, like predictability. We've had recent people where they quit on the second day, right? A very good example of this is our recent placement, ECP right?
So with the Eurocar parks, one of the hardest questions I have to answer recently is that they ask me, they gave a reason, a family, family emergency or personal reasons. How do we actually make sure that this doesn't happen again?
So how I actually answer that is that I have told them that obviously I have to address it first. Telling them that the situation they could be some. You know that what happened with Bond pulling out is unfortunate, but sometimes this type of situations can't be completely avoided.
However, we would have to understand the impact that it would cost them, right? Like the business side. So the extra steps that I actually suggested there are when we're gonna have additional measures for it involving onboarding. This one is onboarding.
So we will have a pretty starting confirmation. So, for example, after you remember, I discussed this, I think last week, on how we can better improve onboarding is to make them feel more at home with us.
So, for example, with ECP, it's about seven days before they actually get to meet the client. So during those seven days, what do we actually do to prepare this V as to be fully committed and for us to measure their commitment during the seven days? Obviously, we don't have anything in place, right?
So we weren't able to really foresee the background upon why there could have been a family emergency or whatever, or personal reason he's mentioning. But I think if we would have been a preter constant communication, the confirmation commitment, all that thing.
Isaac | 48:45
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 48:48
So maybe if we had onboarded them for our assistance earlier on rather than just getting there... When did we onboard the two Bon and Monchy girls? When did we onboard them for OA? Yeah, last week Friday, right?
Isaac | 49:03
Let me check it.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 49:05
I think that was last week. Yep, think so.
Crissy Santarin | 49:11
Which is technically before the weekend. Which we would lose communication with them before they actually meet and ge.
Isaac | 49:18
So I agree, what ideas can we borrow from other companies and what they do?
Crissy Santarin | 49:27
M.
Isaac | 49:27
So when I joined Lehman Brothers, even for a ten-week summer internship, what happened? I got... I had to go and take my photo with security and get a physical card.
I got my email set up at Gmail.com. I got probably a free bag, a free hat, a free t-shirt, all that kind of stuff. I was brainwashed into it. So it's awkward to walk away at that point.
You know, you already bought in. Can we do a bunch of these measures? Maybe send them an AT shirt, maybe asking for the best photos so we can share their photo around to our internal team to show that this is our new superstar joiner. Basically, put social pressure on them so they feel about to walk away in a nice yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 50:18
Yeah, I think that's what I was actually talking about. Isaiah, on a pre-start commitment, but what was... Engagement, maybe That's.
Isaac | 50:27
Engagement, yeah.
So I think we spoke before about doing a welcome video and so on. We can do that. We should do that, but what about these kind of... You know what companies are doing.
Crissy Santarin | 50:37
Yes.
Isaac | 50:38
Yeah, go ahead. It.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 50:40
Yeah, in relation to the merge, I believe Cy brought this up way back a couple of months ago already when we were brainstorming about it, and then it came up again. I think one thing that would work is the one that HOA is currently doing. They were given credits.
Then they would have to... There's an e-commerce side that they could choose the merge that they want, and then they would have to wait for it to be delivered to their addresses so that they could look forward and really stick with our assistant.
That's how they do it with HOA actually, yes.
Isaac | 51:31
So again, so they wait and they know it's on.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 51:36
They will be getting a merge, like a merchandise coming from HOA. But the way that they do it is that they have a site, an e-commerce site, which they will be. They are given credit, for example. $25 credit.
And then they would. They would be choosing which. Which merchandise do they like?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 51:59
Yeah, and they send their buying from that website using the credits.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 52:04
And they know. Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 52:07
For a particular side.
Isaac | 52:09
I problem is if they're on the fence and they start delaying, they're just not going to do it. I think we should give it to them. We should shorten the decision to something tangible as quick as possible.
Crissy Santarin | 52:23
I agree. So I think what we can probably do is...
I know that even if we give them a welcome kit, they probably won't be able to get the welcome kit until two weeks after with the postage that we have in the Philippines, it's.
Isaac | 52:41
Even though it's something like domestic, you can't get stuff. Yeah, same.
Crissy Santarin | 52:47
Not especially if they live, let's say... Yeah, if it's especially if we live in Visayas or Mindanao, probably in Manila, they can probably next day.
Isaac | 52:50
[Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 52:52
It may take a week or so before they get those merged.
Crissy Santarin | 53:01
But.
Isaac | 53:02
In that case, let's think of what we can do digitally as well. Hey, can you send us your best photo? You want to send us to the internal team so that everyone knows. You know, the new hire, what else can we do digitally to commit.
Crissy Santarin | 53:14
II think, like, first. Digitally.
But maybe we can we. Yeah. Maybe we can revive, you know, our social media page or the community group that we used to have in Facebook so that we can welcome them. You know, like, welcome to the new... Welcome to our new joiners for the week.
Isaac | 53:27
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 53:30
Or, you know, like, new joiners.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:32
Joiners for the week... Something like that.
Crissy Santarin | 53:33
Yeah, something like that.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:35
Yeah, I actually saw those in some of the VAs. They're really welcoming's.
Isaac | 53:42
It will encourage new applicants to apply and it will make the person feel committed.
Crissy Santarin | 53:47
Yeah, that they've... That their face is already posted so that they actually go to another VA agency. You know, like they said, I cannot... Because they might see that I've already.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 53:57
You are already committed to us, so you can [Laughter].
Isaac | 54:02
Them the link to the POs so that they don't miss it.
Crissy Santarin | 54:04
Yeah, so, yeah, and then tag them probably, you know, it's probably one of the things that we have to start doing, you know, we have to be, maybe you part of the integration.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:08
Al.
Crissy Santarin | 54:15
You guys can be an admin or content admin for the page so that when you do your own boarding, you can tell them. Can you tell me your Facebook name so that I can add you to something like that?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:27
Page yeah, true [Laughter]. It's [Laughter]. Yeah, it's not like friend requests, no. It's an invite that you have to add.
Crissy Santarin | 54:30
So that they're already going to be... It's like if there's no ifs or buts. It's like, "Okay, I'll add you to the community." It's more of like it's not like, "Can I know?" It's like, "Let me add you."
It's like, "Yeah, let me add you to something maybe like that.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:45
[Laughter] True.
Crissy Santarin | 54:48
So maybe we did. So that they become more sticky, probably. So if we have time to onboard them, let's say, a good example again, if this is ACP, which is still a long way before the actual onboarding, it is that maybe we started earlier the better rather than pushing it towards the end of the week.
If we're going to order them.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 55:05
Zero yeah H ye true agree.
Crissy Santarin | 55:06
So if we have ten days on board, maybe as much as Monday, we read on Monday or they start, that's already gonna... At least it avoids the waiting time and the unstty. You're gonna start, so we can onboard them already on Monday, walk them through in the usual onboarding process that we have.
Maybe we can even do a bit of research as well on how they are. If we have sampled videos as well and how they can log into connecting and stuff like that, maybe we can start with that as well because those are the majority of questions that even I get from you, new VAs. I tried to log into connecting.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 55:43
Yeah true from the new vest yeah 2S.
Crissy Santarin | 55:49
I cannot log in, you know, something like that.
Probably we can give them those type of video links on how to use connecting, or maybe we can even record the video of us when we share the productivity tracker and how to fill it out, how to send an SOD, all those things.
So it's like giving them accountability as well to complete all those onboarding things so that they're more sticky with us so that by the time they start, they're equipped already and that they're not like, "This was not given to me as an expectation, why do I need to send this now?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 56:23
Yeah they start, they are equipped already. Yes, how to do this, how to... Yes, I agree, [Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 56:37
Right. So why are 8 billion people messaging me? Where am I now? Something like that. [Laughter] Why am I getting a hundred million messages saying that I have to log in? Those types of things.
So, giving them the mindset, I guess, giving them proper expectations that we are a virtual assistance agency. We're not just an agency that stops from recruitment. This is going to be an ongoing thing. You're going to be part of this team, and this is how it would actually happen even if you only have one coach assigned to you. We do have a timekeeping and an admin team that does the timekeeping.
So, they would get in touch with you just to make sure that you're logging in on time and logging off on time. Then, we would have someone from our HR team that would check your SOD and ed, something like that.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 57:25
Yeah yes.
Crissy Santarin | 57:30
So maybe just make them more involved with our internal processes so that they won't say, "Okay, this is overwhelming. It's my first day. Where are they?" Those are the types of things that when I check in with some of the new people being onboarded, that's the feedback that they would give me. They feel overwhelmed because one, they were not properly introduced to our systems, to our assistant systems, and then on their day one, they are going to be introduced to the client systems.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 58:02
Science yeah true.
Crissy Santarin | 58:04
So that's a double overwhelm for them. So maybe it's better if, since we tell the client that we do have an internal onboarding before day one with them, maybe we honor that. We have an onboarding, but it's a one-hour onboarding.
So, it's like, "Okay, I don't think that would actually work.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 58:25
No I agree.
Isaac | 58:30
I mean, the. The price of these no-shows is too heavy, and we work very hard to get new clients for discovery calls, interview sessions, second interview sessions, and then to sign the contract and to prepay.
If then the person doesn't turn up on day two, it's not good. It's a major problem. We need to do everything we can to prevent it, and Chris is right, it's on the rise recently.
It's happened too many times. Okay, so who's good? Good brainstorming? Who's doing what by when? Who's responsible? What are we doing? What are we not doing?
Crissy Santarin | 59:11
Okay, so I guess let's establish first when we actually want to start this. I would say ASAP. Do we have any scheduled onboarding for this week, or at least until tomorrow?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 59:17
Four yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 59:26
Tomorrow, until next week, I was Jason Cay.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 59:30
As of the moment, do you have someone, cherish, but I cherish, I think she's done.
Speaker 5 | 59:42
She's already born.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 59:43
Yeah, she's done. I think it was Dale Casey who onboarded her.
Crissy Santarin | 59:48
Okay, so maybe.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 59:48
Just. I think that was yesterday.
Crissy Santarin | 59:49
So maybe we still keep her in the onboarding program until her first day. You know, maybe we look at what we can do. We can easily just record a Loom video on how it's done, on the connecting.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:00:02
A long video.
Crissy Santarin | 01:00:05
And then maybe you got like... And you just do it once anyway. So maybe you can just catch up with Chris. Hey, Chris, thank you for attending our onboarding meeting. When was it? Tuesday, Wednesday, whatever, just so that they can recall that.
Okay, you've already been onboarded with us and just some a few tips before your first day, you know, something like that. Frame it that way. Then here are some helpful links.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:00:34
Well, I think Irene will be... She is onboarded already, but she will have her readiness check by next week, so maybe I can do it. So long as a Loom video is recorded again.
Yeah, for connecting.
Isaac | 01:00:48
Sounds good. We create a checklist and a plan for how we want to do this. Can somebody do that? The checklist plan for what we want to add now to our onboarding. We have Facebook. Then maybe you want to send the T-shirt. The Loom video. Any other ideas we can put together?
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:09
Okay. Probably we give this day to the team ISAC. We have another meeting anyway tomorrow for the end of week. Once they put together the plan, then we can actually go through with the actual plan tomorrow.
Isaac | 01:01:18
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:23
And then in terms of the ones that we are still onboarding, it's actually probably a good practice.
Isaac | 01:01:23
He.
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:29
Like see. We can have a rundown on how that actually worked out with the VA that you're onboarding tomorrow.
Then we can say this was accepted by the VA. Nicely. These are the check-ins that we have done. Maybe what we just have to do there is for my immediate thing that we can do.
For example, tomorrow is Irene's onboarding, right? And then, her... Suppose two days ago, yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:01:56
It's done. It's actually done. I... Not two days ago, but I will. Yes, Char.
Crissy Santarin | 01:02:01
So it's like onboarding them. So similarly, probably with the ones that have been onboarded, Chris and Irene, one that will be... They were both going to be starting next week, right? Monday.
kc.argente@our-assistants.com | 01:02:10
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 01:02:10
Happiard This is Happy happier.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 01:02:10
SM did Hampton Roma KR Hampton Roads.
Crissy Santarin | 01:02:12
And the other one, Happy than? Hampton the other one, Happy than? Hampton the other one, Happy than? Hampton we do, like you guys work out on the checklist that ISA has mentioned, and then we can probably look at how we're actually going to execute it with the two of you. What check-in can we do? Or maybe, do already maybe do the check-in maybe before even our meeting so that we can have something to talk about if we got any feedback from them, right?
Then we can continue a discussion about this new implementation because we are going to be onboarding a few more other people because we have ongoing interviews as well and some decisions that we're waiting on some of the other clients.
So. Okay. Alright, so thank you so much, everybody, and appreciate today.
Isaac | 01:03:11
Thanks. guys. See See.
Crissy Santarin | 01:03:15
Yes. You.
Isaac | 01:03:18
To.