Crissy Santarin | 00:00
Hi ma miche the loan.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:07
That inadmit co term is a fa book again abd [Laughter] a.
Crissy Santarin | 00:16
And to say anyway tomorrow naman I think I discussed I'm dn panha and hatchup this week per hutch going to see Louise regarding tomorrow. So when article olaman olahaman for file ups tomorrow and all that kal ngan ing halidays you can just be offline but if you want to check emails just in case my mamma asks have an urgent email to get check.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 00:42
Yes, that's what I would like to do as well.
Isaac | 00:47
Good morning.
Crissy Santarin | 00:48
Yeah, so we're actually just discussing about, like, tomorrow because tomorrow I'm gonna be taking my Thanksgiving day off tomorrow because there's a lot.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 00:48
Good morning.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Crissy Santarin | 01:01
Yeah, there's gonna be a lot of things to be thankful for.
And then for Christopher Friday, I'm gonna be probably half day Isaac for that. Like if there's nothing urgent, we only have the Tyler interview them anyway, or what we call what he wants to call our vibe check with him, right?
Isaac | 01:19
Firef drink.
Crissy Santarin | 01:21
Yeah, so yeah, I think it.
Isaac | 01:24
Its interesting to find the wide trick. Yeah, I think the more credibility we have, the less clients will let us make the decision for them. And yeah, growth assistant just suggest a person, right? They don't really do the interview session.
So at some point you're gonna say, hey, no more interview sessions.
Crissy Santarin | 01:40
Correct.
Isaac | 01:44
This is your person. At some point we didn't do it now, but maybe in a year.
Crissy Santarin | 01:49
Yeah. I think. Like, we. We're starting to get better on the VIBJ thing, like we started with it with David, you know, with the young agency. So yeah. So just looking at you guys there on a new pro process.
Speaker 5 | 02:00
Yeahm.
Crissy Santarin | 02:03
Yeah, we're experimenting on the business side. So what we actually do is we would still prepare three candidates, but we would just present the first two. We know the top one and the mid one just so that they can have a comparison.
But basically it's like a vibe check just so that they can agree that, okay, we agree with the vibe that... Because we send them videos already like a video intro. So they have that.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 02:32
Is that. Is that the reason why? David, messaged you, some if someone if she he can speak to someone, is that the reason?
Crissy Santarin | 02:42
Yeah, we actually don't know. I tried calling him, but got routed to voicemail anyway. Ask him to call me back if he's free.
Isaac | 02:52
We don't know what it is. Hopefully it's maybe something positive. I'm not sure.
Crissy Santarin | 02:56
Yeah, but yeah, based on the screenshot that you shared, it seems like it was... It's positive, right?
The happy way when...
Isaac | 03:05
Yeah, the crossing out of the screenshot. It was crossed out by the VA. Cross by yourself?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 03:14
No, it was... The screenshot came from Wendy and David, so it's really good communication with...
Isaac | 03:23
But I mean, one of the messages was like, "Blow it out."
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 03:26
I know. Yeah, I is that that's by the BA. Yeah.
Isaac | 03:31
Is it for confidentiality on his business or did she say something that's regretted? I'm just curious. Is that...?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 03:42
Don't worry, I'll I' fish. I'll try to fish something regarding that later on with Wendy, but I think she's not started the. Yeah, but I'm going to talk...
Isaac | 03:53
To that blo was great. Good, I don't think it's a problem. I'm more curious if it's like data protection.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 03:59
No problem. Yeah.
Isaac | 04:01
Somehow, actually, I don't really know. I'm always curious about what information we have and what we don't. It's a sensitive topic in general for you guys. I don't you know, I don't know exactly what you guys no, I don't know, I'm always curious about that.
That's kind of what I was offering.
Crissy Santarin | 04:16
Yeah, more of... Did they blur it out because it involves some client data? So if that is, then that's a good practice from the VA.
Isaac | 04:26
Exactly. Got me thinking. Do we have AA procedure for. Hey, update us on this. Do not update us on this. Never send us, you know credit card information on you know do we have to do we have do we.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 04:40
Yes yeah yes that's part of the onboarding.
Crissy Santarin | 04:40
That's part of... Yeah, we'll let them know about...
Isaac | 04:44
Yeah, [Laughter] yes, [Laughter] true, and then I'm sure that clients don't... If they find out they don't like it, they get $3,000.
Crissy Santarin | 04:45
Even as part of reminders for the SO and EODs that I... If they update as of the start of day and end of day, make sure that it's not client-specific.
Let's say this. It's building 01:01 room numbers like that because before they do that... Then we said, "You don't have to give us the details of the..."
Isaac | 05:10
Yeah, [Laughter] but it's not an obvious it's not like a thing.
It's not obvious like, what do we say, what do you it's the whole thing is a gray area. Best case scenario, we get enough information, but without too much identification. I you know, it's a complicated thing, and it depends on the role.
Anyway, you know, some things are easily shared, some are more easily shared.
Crissy Santarin | 05:31
Yeah.
Isaac | 05:34
So, yeah, if you guys have a SOP for it again, it's complicated and it's step-by-step role. Great. Christin, do we want to take part of that instruction, put it into our contract with the VS? What do you think?
Say... In terms of information sharing, do not send this information to us.
Crissy Santarin | 05:54
I think we SI think we send onboarding packet.
Isaac | 05:55
Just in case it's easy. You want to take maybe actually, yeah, again, we've not had a major problem yet, but just in case we have a problem in the future.
Crissy Santarin | 05:59
It's part of their onboarding packet. I think it's... Yeah. If you want, we can ask them to sign the onboarding packet as an acknowledgement.
Isaac | 06:15
You know, the client says, you know, what the hell we can say. No, that the VA signed this, that they made a mistake, you know, and then what do you want to do about it?
Crissy Santarin | 06:26
Okay.
Isaac | 06:27
To take some liability of us.
The VA will be more aware of it again. We're not having a problem yet. It just got me thinking about what might happen one day.
Crissy Santarin | 06:36
Sure, we can. We can make them sign... How we make them sign the attendance policy and all that because we make them sign that.
So maybe what we can do is... Because the onboarding guidelines or the onboarding packet that actually has the guidelines on what can be shared, cannot be shared, what can be discussed, and all that...
Isaac | 06:54
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 06:57
So yeah, so we can probably publish it. So that it can be on a signable information.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 07:07
Or maybe we can add something in the. Yeah. Should we add something in the PTO and attendance policy regarding that to.
Crissy Santarin | 07:15
A me the idea can probably it's like one one document but you know but that probably have like different you know, article yeah for yeah so that it's one that we send them but basically they have to sign per page or something.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 07:16
So it's just a one sign for everything club. Yeah, different page. Yeah, okay, yes, okay, got it.
Crissy Santarin | 07:40
Yeah, so I guess we are having our end of week earlier. Like what I said because of the Thanksgiving weekend, but so on... Like what I discussed last week, our end of week is where we can discuss the outlier discussion just so that it's healthier for us as well.
Lesser meetings then we can just have it as part of an agenda for the end of week, right? So for the outlier discussion, we can have... Maybe we can start with the outlier discussion and then we can actually look at the others. The things that we actually have from our previous agenda, which is a follow-up on how the feedback process is going and on how maybe we can hear from Louise about the recent meeting she had with Atlas on how that actually went as well.
Then, that's basically the top three agendas we have for today. So let's kick it off with our outlier discussion. Who wants to go first?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 08:54
Yeah, I want to go first again because on my end, there's nothing actually, it's just one person. This is for the ongoing issue with Dianara.
Crissy Santarin | 09:07
Yes.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 09:09
So. Dianara was. Asked.
If she can be extended to, until December, and she said yes, it's okay because, I think the accounting department is really having is really struggling nowadays because of end of the year.
Isaac | 09:28
End of December.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 09:30
End of December. The resignation is supposed to be at the end of November, but she was asked if it's going to be extended. The reason being, it's because when we send out the resignation of Dian AA to Jason, though, we didn't put there the date of her resignation and the date where she sent it out to us.
But then Dianara mentioned that she sent out the resignation first of November. So... Remember the reason why we're not saying that putting that into the email to Jason, it's because we're really trying to figure out and see if we can ask the NAR to extend a bit more so that we can she can have the proper handover to the...
Isaac | 10:20
Weeks or time?
Crissy Santarin | 10:20
No, Dianaa.
Isaac | 10:21
Did he get the message?
Crissy Santarin | 10:22
Dianara actually had a check-in with Jason this week. Jason found out that because when they asked her to extend... If not, they can know because they still haven't found anybody yet, right? Then it's already at the end of the month.
Isaac | 10:36
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 10:37
So when they had that discussion to have it extended, then I mentioned to them that actually I'm okay to be extended until the end of the month. But actually, you know what? I informed our assistant, basically it's like that. I just give you the gist of the story.
Isaac | 10:50
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 10:51
So she told them that actually, I told Our-assistants that I'm actually leaving from the start of November, and I was supposed to have ended it at the end of this month. You know, something like that.
Like it's like sort of like nonchalant conversation. But obviously it was not a good face for us because then I thought that. But, you know, like probably just in prayer. Like I did discuss this with she as well, because she advised me as soon as she heard it from Dianaa that that's the conversation that happened is that we if Jason does reach out to us, regarding, you know, he not being happy though he was not told firsthand, we can just be honest with it.
Like, we didn't let him know straightway when we receive it. Because one, would try to win her back or retain her. And two, we only notified him, you know, last week because that's already like the final conversation we had with Dianaa that she's really going to be leaving.
And, you know, so it's not basically probably negative. Negative. It probably just became negative because Diana just casually mentioned it, so.
Isaac | 12:01
[Laughter] Threw us on the bus.
Crissy Santarin | 12:03
Yeah, so we're going to have to worry about us if that happens, so...
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 12:06
Yeah, that's...
Crissy Santarin | 12:08
[Laughter] But, we don't know.
Isaac | 12:11
So do we know if he was off or we...? We just assume he was upset?
Crissy Santarin | 12:18
Like, you know, obviously, like, because they're starting to get disconnected with us as well.
Isaac | 12:20
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 12:23
So we don't even know if she's just telling us half-truths or if she's telling us the truth. Because we are not getting any feedback from Jason, so it's hard to tell Isaac.
Isaac | 12:35
No.
Crissy Santarin | 12:38
So we don't know. It's more of us probably thinking ahead, you know, before it comes out. So we just want to make sure we're prepared if it does happen. That if Jason comes out upset and say, hey, guys, you hid this from me? Or, you know, like, we didn't lie to him. We, you know, we did let him know.
It's just that we have steps to take, right? Like before, we, like in any company, right? Like the first thing when someone actually does a resignation. A conversation we have there is. Why are you leaving? Is there, you know, like what can we do to retain our stuff like that. Obviously those are internal processes that we have, but basically it's we just really have to be probably not be afraid to tackle it head on.
If Jason comes back to us and say, hey, guys, you lied to me, we didn't lie to you.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 13:40
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 13:40
[Laughter] It's more of us.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 13:41
True.
Crissy Santarin | 13:43
You know, we have.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 13:45
Trying to do work around inside Andm.
Crissy Santarin | 13:47
Yeah, we have our process, and the process is this. And, yeah, so it's like that.
But, yeah. Anyone else on in your pod? That has...
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 13:59
No, everyone is really having fun. They're all great with their clients, so, yeah, that's the only thing for me I'm with young.
Isaac | 14:13
Did you check in with the VA end of day one or did you check with the next morning? What's our process now for week one? Not just for you, say, in general? Yeah, just remind me, what is the process for... We point check ins on a new...
Yeah, what is the checking for hour?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 14:32
Yeah, well, actually, right after the meet and greet day one of them... I already do some informal check ins so I get the details. Yeah, in the first... Yeah, a message. Then I'm checking with them and then see if they're all doing great, doing okay, if they're overwhelmed or not. Then after that, I got some details like I'm asking them what emails should we use for reminders? Notification remind reminders via teams.
Then after that, the following day, I would ask them that I'm going to plot a check in within the week. So like, three or four days after the first, after the meet and greet. I do plot check ins for them.
So as early as within the week.
Isaac | 15:16
We had a WhatsApp or like a message check in at the end of the day one.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 15:23
Yeah.
Isaac | 15:24
So right now we do a quick check in and our... Did you login? How did the... That we go after I live? Yeah, and you message in the next day to say let's meet later in the week. So we do not a video but like a theme or a WhatsApp message at the end of day one. Basically, I think you know, just so we have something very concrete we do it that yes.
Crissy Santarin | 15:44
We actually. And I think we were supposed to... Right at the end of their first day.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 15:52
We have that on the teams... So we use both teams and WhatsApp for all the messaging. So we do it start and end of shift.
Isaac | 16:03
Shift and the end of shift on the end of day one is a normal end-of-day report. Or is it more like, "Hey, how did you go?"
Speaker 6 | 16:12
Like.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 16:13
Both, I would say, because if it's the new bees, we usually have our focus on them. So we check on them. Aside from the prior shift and the end of shift, we make sure that we check on them from time to time because normally they would reach out to us. They would actually be the ones to keep us in the loop
if anything happens.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 16:35
Yes.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 16:36
So that that's the one that you know, the process that we have yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 16:42
Break down so for everyone actually and Dorothy. I just checked in with Dorothy yesterday, she's really happy. This is for VIP Industries.
Isaac | 16:55
Yeah, like...
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 17:00
Rory, yeah.
Isaac | 17:02
He's probably very polite.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 17:04
Yes, I got a message. Well, she told me that. At first, she was very... It is very overwhelming because of the details. I mean, the information that she is now trying to fix is very messy, but that's part of her job.
She said she's up for... She's always up for a challenge. Rory's very responsive to her, so every question and every thing that she needs to discuss with Rory, she's always there now. That's for the VIP Industries. Now, regarding Happy, that's another new client we have. Sharish and I think Ed... Well, the thing there is that the only communication they have right now is via email, but everything is still doing well since... What do you call this? She is, what do you call this maintenance coordinator?
She's really good at it. What I told her is to make sure that since there's no internal communication like WhatsApp or Slack or what... I told her to make sure that she should be visible and proactive to Ed, that she should inform what she is doing currently and what she will do next, since technically it's hard sometimes to read emails.
So, to make sure that she is visible every day, the whole day. She said yes, she's doing that.
Isaac | 18:38
Christin, remember you and I spoke about the first week. What are the five things that, from our experience of a VA agency, the VA should focus on? What the say saying be visible, over communicating.
Do the end of the start of the day consistently for week one. We had a plan for it. I forgot what it was in all... What I'm talking about.
Crissy Santarin | 19:08
The best practices.
Isaac | 19:11
Yes, a formal document.
Crissy Santarin | 19:13
Yeah, because I think that's... Do you want to have a formal document to be sent to the VS as well? Because I think it's part of the practice that Louise and Shey is already doing.
So it's part of the reminders as well that they do during onboarding. So do you want us to have it on a formal document as well?
Isaac | 19:41
I understand when a week one is made of brick that's... So it's not crazy for us to have a different process. So week one than for the rest of the time. So you guys are more communicative.
With one with the VA, which is great. I don't know if you want to have a document focused around that week, basically. Okay, these are the five things from my experience. Make or break your future, basically, without scaring me.
If you do these things, probably you'll survive month one. You survive month one, probably survive year one, you know? So, yeah, like, yeah, doing the. I don't know. What do you think of it if it's being done already?
Kind of. We don't have to add more, you know, paperwork.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 20:29
But that's I think is part of the first week, first check in with, the VS and it has already been it's already been documented ever since, so.
Isaac | 20:44
Okay if it's been if it's but it's not broken don't fix it. So.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 20:48
Yeah, and we're doing it.
Isaac | 20:52
Is systematic and remember to kill each VS. These are the things that will make my experience if I do the work. Make sure you're visible. Make sure your end of the start of today is more than three points.
Things that are obvious or not obvious, you know what I mean? They not do the job the client wants them to succeed. What do we know as an agency? What have we seen that is maybe not obvious that it makes all the difference for week one.
Yeah, be visible, respond within half an hour of months. Things that are obvious or not obvious, but we just want to get them really focused on to secure the first month and then the first year.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 21:35
And, actually just so you know, I saw that's been the practice that we're doing. Louise. And I. And for the next four, four consecutive weeks on during that first month. That's where we always keep them, informed about or advise them to be like that for the first four weeks to.
And I guess, having the documentation for our check in is already enough. If I'm if that's okay.
Isaac | 22:04
Yeah, okay, sounds good. Guys are doing consistently. Yeah, no problem.
Crissy Santarin | 22:11
Yeah. So basically, just to summarize that. So basically, on your first check-in, which is the first week check-in, you have a different format on your coaching session, right?
It's more of a checklist of what happened during that week, then some reminders on best practices.
Isaac | 22:26
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 22:33
Okay. Sounds good. Who's handling ROG for my lovebarrow?
Isaac | 22:43
Meet.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 22:44
Louise.
Crissy Santarin | 22:44
Yeah, okay, no, just so that... Because I will be sending out the 90-day 3:16 meetings as well, so...
Yeah, so I probably would be tapping into you guys because I have them on my lists today. Yeah, you tapped me here as well, Louise, earlier about setting up 3:60. So the 3:60 meeting I have for the first 30 days is Rocky Point for Crystal Tolali Sol, right? For ECP Happy Art, which you just mentioned earlier. Mammyche, yeah, and then 90 days is for CMAC and all three, I think Josh, Yanni, and Sheila, right?
So and then ROG is three months as well. 90 days. So I'll probably just ask you ladies later on what we have for the last three months. Basically, on what checkpoints I can bring up so that we can request the 3:60 meeting with them.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 23:59
Okay, yeah, I have a couple, so I have three in yellow and three in red, so four in yellow.
Crissy Santarin | 24:00
Okay. Alright. So, yeah. So, Louise Flor is yours.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 24:11
First up is Diita from Fair Lawn. She actually messaged me yesterday saying that there has been... What do you call this? There has been a situation within her account. There has been a lot of people leaving the company.
Then there was this one time that I'm not really sure if it was the client himself or if it was one of the supervisors there who told them that the door is open for anybody who wants to leave.
So I don't really know what happened there. So I actually have a meeting with her after our session today. So I wanted to touch base with her and see what really happened there. I wanted to check if any of this is affecting her at all.
So I just put her on yellow because of that.
Isaac | 25:06
Next fair... Has something in the post. Do you know what it is?
Crissy Santarin | 25:15
Yeah, Fairlon advises that they'd send something to her via post, but it gets sent back, I think, or something. It's that one, right? Isaac, that you're referring to. Fair...
Isaac | 25:30
Yeah, I'm guessing it's something for Thanksgiving or some kind of merch, so that's... It's a strange thing to send before you find someone, so do you know what it is? You don't know what it is, right?
Crissy Santarin | 25:46
Okay, yeah, but they probably sent her... Maybe you can just check it in with... As well.
Isaac | 25:51
Second screen. No. They would have just got it to you. I'm guessing his knowledge is unusual.
Crissy Santarin | 25:59
Louise and... Yeah, it's the Philippines.
Isaac | 26:02
I doubt it's a second screen because they would have asked us to help, so I'm guessing it's much... [Laughter] This one.
Crissy Santarin | 26:09
Isaac everything gets taxed. So I think that's what they maybe this came about.
Maybe Bea said she, you know, like maybe it's like a sort of like a conversation they probably had when they said, like, did you already receive the package? And maybe she said, yes, I did. But, you know, the Philippine government, they charge everything I have to pay to it.
So it's like. So maybe there were some it's different. [Laughter] So yeah, different roads.
Isaac | 26:36
Well, that...
Crissy Santarin | 26:38
So you guys already paid for shipping and everything else. We pay for the tariff to receive a gift. We have to pay.
So it's here in the Philippines now?
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 26:48
Send the embassy now.
Crissy Santarin | 26:53
Everything is taxed. So? But yeah.
Isaac | 26:55
Then so find out what it was and then Louise that the door is open.
Crissy Santarin | 26:55
But we let her know.
Isaac | 27:02
What does that mean? Is that to the employees or to the contractors? That's the kind of thing you tell employees. Don't really tell... You're muted. You don't really tell contractors. You can leave that. Some you tell employees because of being unable to find them, right?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 27:18
Yeah, that's what I was trying to understand. Unfortunately, Za was not able to, like, give me the whole context because she was busy with work. That's why I sent up, like, an emergency check in with her today because I wanted to understand the whole thing because maybe it was just.
Maybe something happened in the office. And then, you know, that was actually meant for those people there, but not necessarily, you know, includes her, but, you know, things like.
Crissy Santarin | 27:44
Was in the meeting she heard it.
Isaac | 27:44
How was she there? I was... I was going to say, yeah, it's a very dramatic thing to hear. It must have been shouted, you know what I mean? [Laughter] Yeah, it's a very dramatic thing to hear in the middle of a meeting.
Crissy Santarin | 27:56
Know that they do departmental meetings every week. Ass remember you met Ebita. Remember when we had that conversation with her because she when they when Fairlon started downsizing.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 28:13
They call the meeting L10. I think that's what they call it L10 meeting for everyone.
Crissy Santarin | 28:17
Yeah, after for everyone and then they started downsizing, but then the data SE told us that basically their team though a lot of people kept on leaving
but the work is not slowing down for the housing department, so...
Isaac | 28:35
It is not... That's what more people... I know we're looking to book an interview there with, right?
Crissy Santarin | 28:36
Yeah, but remember, we get in touch with Natalie straight after that meeting with Ebita, and she said, "No, we're okay. Or everything's, you know, we need additional people. [Laughter] Yeah, so.
Isaac | 28:52
It's not where we had... I wonder if they lost a client if all was going on.
Crissy Santarin | 28:59
Yeah, and I know that for the class two that they removed that they took out, it was because they no longer hold that property or they no longer manage the property.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 29:08
Yes, Mile student.
Crissy Santarin | 29:09
The student, that student.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 29:10
Yes, Mile student.
Crissy Santarin | 29:10
Going...
Then what's the other one? I think it's... They're both housing units. Those are both housing, student housing, yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 29:20
Student housing, yes.
Crissy Santarin | 29:23
So they don't have those two, they don't manage those two properties anymore because the ones that they are hiring for right now, which is the one for maintenance coordinator, I think is for an existing property.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 29:29
Five.
Crissy Santarin | 29:39
Yeah, but in any case, Natalie is hard to chase, but it's still worth chasing her because when she has the time, she would get back to us and say, "Okay, I'm ready for an interview."
Then she would say, "This is the person I like." But then as soon as she's ready, that person is no longer available because it took four weeks for her to reply.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 30:01
[Laughter] yeah trueing.
Crissy Santarin | 30:02
You probably have noticed, ladies, right?
When we send them an invitation about holidays, it would take forever to respond. But yeah, the roadblock there is Natalie. I'm still trying to figure out how to get...
Isaac | 30:19
Yeah it's annoying I try to cont I try to contact you know the CEO she's not the picket yeah she's not friendly she's but remember she said the relationship is Natalie speak to Natalie so not really yeah that's it.
Crissy Santarin | 30:28
I think it's more personable than... Than the Natalie? [Laughter] Yeah.
Isaac | 30:42
I'll tell you who's friends with her. Brandon is friends with her. Maybe when I see him in the Philippines, I'll say, "Hey, can you talk to her and get her to open up to us a bit more? She's...
Honestly, we can help them. They shouldn't be as big as active for us. They are making a mistake, as my own opinion."
Crissy Santarin | 31:00
Two.
Isaac | 31:02
You know we can help them a lot. If they're firing Americans, you should be put in 20 Filipinos to do the job.
That's my oldest opinion. We focus on portfolio like they should be as big as I really believe that.
Crissy Santarin | 31:20
Yeah, agreed. So, yeah, so we'll get on to that, I think. Like, you know, we just really need to have a the perfect formula to get into the good books of Natalie, probably Isaac, you know, like.
But, yeah, she's currently a road block in Fairlon.
Isaac | 31:41
What about fing.
Speaker 5 | 31:46
What about...
Isaac | 31:49
Sending to Natalie and to Gozen cos and videos? Have we tried that before? We send a video to both of them. We can go and copy it. You get a point? Yeah, it's a way to engage them. We're trying to go behind Anthony's back. What do you think of it?
Crissy Santarin | 32:16
Yeah. Yeah, I think we can do that. Isaac, you know?
Isaac | 32:19
I go is the Natalie. We've actually asked the candidates to record a video for you.
If they haven't recorded it, maybe you can even get them to say, "Hey, I don't know." Basically, we're trying to reengage those, and then those are more likely to take when they listen to it, and then maybe she'll reply. That's another way.
You heard what Walter said. I think that the video was great.
Crissy Santarin | 32:50
Yeah, we actually have been doing that anyway. As a... But yeah, we can probably involve GoZen in there.
Isaac | 32:58
Yeah, that's the only time Anna sometimes wakes up and goes and cooks. I think basically, Natalie is reluctant to work with us. Maybe she's worried about her own job security and goes and likes a delegate because she's a big CEO so it's a problem.
It's typical to make progress with them as a client.
Crissy Santarin | 33:25
Yeah, okay, I'll get that, so probably follow up for next week. Isaac because everyone that I email right now, I get an auto-reply that's already out of office, so...
But yeah, we'll... I'll get that needed. So, yeah. So, Louise, continue.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 33:47
Yep. So that was AA and she did mention, you know, that, you know, the tasks lately have become overwhelming. So I that's one thing that I wanted to discuss with her later, and I will just keep you in the loop as soon as we're done with the check in. Next on my list would be from BHX.
So this is Melinda. She messaged me late last week that Tim was actually unhappy with her. Tim was kind of disappointed with her last week because there was this, specific task that she, failed to meet.
So there was like this kind of. Revisions to, like, the staircase something. And then there was a lot of back and forth. So Tim was unppy, but she did assure me and Tim that, you know, she will make it up this week, so I will check in on her.
But so far, she said, you know, everything is going well this week. Then last on my yellow list would be Ken from Atlas. So when I met with him last week, it was my first time meeting the Atlas people.
So, he just casually mentioned that, you know, same with the initial feedback that we gathered from, you know, the Atlas team from last week. He mentioned that there has been I mean, the tasks have become overwhelming.
But, yeah, that that's about it, for my yellow list. So with Ken, I have only. I have been, you know, trying to not try Atlas.
Crissy Santarin | 35:24
Ken. Is. Is. Actress.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 35:27
Yes. So I have been checking in on him every now and then to see how everything goes, and I actually just told him to maybe just be patient because I'm not really sure what's going on.
But from what I understand, they have been heavily affected by the recent layoffs and the recent movements within the Atlas team. So I just told him to give it some time because, for sure, once we have already onboarded replacements, the task will be less overwhelming.
It will go back to normal. So that's what I assured him. Now, for my red list. So Jen and Ner, both from Atlas? Yes, both from Atlas. So these were the two specifically mentioned by Andrea during her meeting earlier this week.
It was more of a performance issue because Andrea mentioned that they're actually not meeting the expected number of calls that they're supposed to be doing. Funny thing is, when I actually met with both guys, they told me that the tasks are overwhelming. They even said that they have additional tasks
that are way beyond what was initially discussed. So that was the initial feedback that I got from them.
Isaac | 36:50
They hire together? No.
Crissy Santarin | 36:53
No, I think they only started...
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 36:55
No. They did not. A few weeks.
Crissy Santarin | 36:59
Yeah, they only started with getting this additional task when people started getting taken out, like when six weeks... Technically, from the very first one, Kurt Bryan was the very first one that was taken.
Then from there, we have been... I think we have about six that was removed from Atlas. No, they have different themes.
Isaac | 37:25
Nothing.
Crissy Santarin | 37:30
So some of them actually started having overlap roles. Some of them are like, you know, the that's where the Andrea and her the Andrea and Gabby highlighted that they prefer working with the Latams because maybe they were less, you know, they don't really push back, but they give feedback. They would probably say, hey, I'll take this over, but let me finish my main task first.
I think, like, maybe it's the difference of, you know, the one on the ph side.
Isaac | 38:00
Yeah, holds in love, no, yeah, definitely.
Crissy Santarin | 38:08
Maybe that's a reason why the PH people always say they get overwhelmed because they may not be as vocal as the Latam people.
Yeah, so, yeah, too much of a complainer, so...
Isaac | 38:25
It's good and bad. By the way, remember Oscar was too... Too much of a complainer.
Crissy Santarin | 38:31
So I think, you know, yeah, may maybe we can sort of with how like it's good that you mark them red, you know, like all these three people, you know, like you're keeping a watch on Ken, you're keeping a watch on Jen and what's his name, the other one, right?
Isaac | 38:31
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 38:47
So... But maybe when we talk to them during our coaching sessions, maybe you can ask them to be a bit more proactive when they actually are given a certain task because when they say they were overwhelmed, why did they get overwhelmed?
All right. Did the task just come in as a surprise, or was it given to them, and they didn't say anything? Yes, it could be that too. Or has there been a check-in by Andrea and Gabby to them like, "How's their bandwidth?"
Because maybe they said, "Sure, we can still take this." It happened right because as part of management level, we won't give you tasks if we know you don't have bandwidth anymore.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 39:23
Yes, exactly.
Crissy Santarin | 39:33
So the first thing we will ask is, "How's your day been?" Okay, if I give you this task... Do you still have some bandwidth? I'm assuming. They probably said yes, I still have maybe a few hours to squeeze in.
Speaker 5 | 39:44
Yeah, it's true.
Crissy Santarin | 39:44
Then they were given the task not getting overwhelmed.
So now they cannot say no because it's a culture thing for Filipinos who don't say no. Maybe that's a difference because the Latam, they were quite vocal with it, particularly Joel.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 39:55
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 40:00
That's why they love Joel because Joel would say, "Sure, I'll take on this task, but I have my priority task. What do you want me to do with my priority task?" Right? I've heard Joel in one of your coaching sessions, I think it was still with Sha, right?
He would say, "Sure, I will tell them I'll take the task, but I will prioritize my initial first, right?"
Speaker 5 | 40:23
Yeah, exactly.
Crissy Santarin | 40:25
I would. He would tell them that. I think that's what's missing with our Filipino vs.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 40:30
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 40:32
We're just like, "Yes."
Speaker 5 | 40:32
True.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 40:34
Yeah, that's why whenever I had that instance with my GDMS, I always told them that. "You know what, guys? It's okay to say no in the most professional way. Saying hard no is not good, of course, but saying no in the most professional way.
Like saying, "You know what? As much as I would love to help you out with that, but I my hands are tied at this moment. If you want to, you can do it later, or we can find someone to do that for you if it's priority something like that."
So it's really hard for you."
Isaac | 41:10
Say someone... Can you do this project if you will? I can find someone to do this. [Laughter].
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 41:15
We can find someone from go ahead and.
Isaac | 41:20
Find someone as an opportunity. [Laughter] Our-assistants recruits all the time. I'll speak to Christin.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 41:27
Yeah, [Laughter] that's what Filipinos are... Getting a hard time saying to the client, saying, "No, I cannot. I'm swamped already." I think that's what's happening to Zandra from KC. Yeah, she's really... It's hard, but now she has... She had this one time saying no.
But saying no just to say, "I am taking my lunch now, so I won't do that yet. I will after, so at least she knows how to."
Crissy Santarin | 42:04
Yeah. So I think it's more of... Yeah, Sana's birthday is today.
Isaac | 42:06
It's a birthday day, right? It's. Birthday day.
Crissy Santarin | 42:11
So yes, I think like we can have you know like with this I just on my read based on the rant of nor and you know, like with the recent coaching it's more of an right like it's more of a.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 42:25
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 42:26
Rand, yeah.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 42:27
Exactly.
Crissy Santarin | 42:27
They're saying, "This was not given, this was not from the initial expectation. I'm getting too overwhelmed now because the task is definitely different from what we were given than what happened in between then and now, right?"
Obviously, they were given the expectation because that's the initial set of tasks you're going to have. Then after you got integrated and embedded, I'm pretty sure they did a check-in. They can't just give you a task just because... Managing to... Does that right? They do check-ins.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 42:57
Yes. They actually have a regular check-in with Andrea and their direct supervisors. They have that, yes.
Crissy Santarin | 43:06
That's why they want to know what their actual feedback is because maybe they... From that meeting, I shared with you the transcript. Right. Andrea was asking us to be a bit more transparent with the feedback we get from the GTMs because they feel that the GPMS are not very open to them.
Like some information or maybe they're not saying that what they're actually feeling because it's a comfort level meal and stuff like that, so I think it would be good.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 43:28
Yeah.
Isaac | 43:38
Yeah, I'm sure they're right. The Filipino Asian culture is less confrontational in general. That's a famous cliche. It's true.
Crissy Santarin | 43:48
It's true, right? So. And I think, like right now with the conversation there, you know, like I discussed this with you as well at least, right? Like maybe we can have a different conversation, say, with the three that said they were overwhelmed.
Maybe we can uncover what happened. So when they actually before they got overwhelmed, when they had this additional task, did they see it coming or was it? Did it come as a surprise?
Isaac | 44:14
Two.
Crissy Santarin | 44:15
One day they just came in to work and said, "Hey guys, we have a new different set of tasks."
Isaac | 44:21
Yeah, Surpris.
Crissy Santarin | 44:23
So it's a surprise.
Isaac | 44:23
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 44:25
You want challenges? Here's a challenge. So maybe... Let's uncover... So that we're going to be more... What they call this logically. So we make them feel that they are still heard, right?
We heard them. But what are we...? Because we don't know the next steps because what action steps can we take when they say they feel overwhelmed? We can't do the work for them in their behalf, right?
But when they... So maybe that's our next conversation with them. Louise but yeah, good catch with that and good conversation we had with Andrea as well. I think, like, we're getting a better relationship with. With Andrea. On back.
Like, we don't. Yeah, and we don't have the tiptoe around her as well, so.
Isaac | 45:20
Definitely a great reset on a very important relationship with...
Crissy Santarin | 45:24
Yeah. So good job. That's our goal. If we become successful in how these feedback sessions with Andrea are going, then we can mirror it for the other clients.
Because if it worked out for someone that has 30 VAs with us, I'm pretty sure it's easy to mirror it with the one that only has one or two.
Isaac | 45:46
Yet this one we haven't figured out. The rule until now is if you don't have something nice, don't say it. You know, it's kind of like everyone's MoM, you know, that's the advice everyone gets from their MoM.
Crissy Santarin | 45:58
No.
Isaac | 45:59
It's okay, it's not confrontational. I mean, it's not the best, I'm sure that there's a better... It's not a feedback culture, it's a non-confrontation culture. Probably avoided a few problems with some clients, but should that be our policy as we grow? Probably not.
It's difficult. You don't know how someone's going to take advice. The other phrase is the customer is always right.
Crissy Santarin | 46:28
I think on some...
Isaac | 46:28
You know, that's the other cliche. So, you know, it's not. It's. It's not right. Answers.
It's kind of, you know, we haven't really experimented too much with pushing back on clients. Again, I don't think it's good or bad. I'm not saying we should. I'm just saying we haven't really. We haven't experimented yet.
Crissy Santarin | 46:45
I think on some that we have opened up this horizon to them, they're actually open to it. Like, a good example of it is Amber. You know, like Amber from coastal Virginia.
Isaac | 46:54
Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 46:58
She actually reached out with me earlier asking if we can give her a summary of the last two, coachings we had with Michelle because she's like, it's they're in the mark of the first thirty days.
So, you know, that's actually good, meaning they're more interested to see because I gave her the that feedback before as a monthly thing. We remember Isaac when we were doing it with Amber. And then I think like she probably you know like with that I looked in Louise so that I have introduced Louise to her now so that in the future maybe Louise since she initiated asking for that summary feedback then we can actually start giving her more weekly if you know based like how we're doing with Atlas now.
Isaac | 47:52
It's not crazy that one day we'll give obviously will tell the VA you know this is not confidential. Nothing should be confidential. We're a business. Like it's not, you know, there's no it's you're not talking to your friend. Nothing really should be confidential in the business environment.
Crissy Santarin | 48:08
He.
Isaac | 48:08
But you know, it's not crazy that one day the coaching are a bit more obvious. And we are like the feedback mechanism. Basically we're an extension of the client or the feedback loop.
Crissy Santarin | 48:18
Yeah.
Isaac | 48:23
Hey, this might end up with a client.
Maybe they want to open up as much... Maybe they will. It doesn't matter. But it's not crazy that one day we'll be more openly a feedback loop and we'll forward every summary of every coaching to the client.
Maybe we want to put it through AI, which we do anyway, and give it a prompt of "Standardize anything terrible, basically anything to pay HR, PD, take the transcript, don't lie, don't cut anything dramatic, but anything too punchy and make it more diplomatic and sanitized so we can send it to the client for productive feedback."
It's not crazy that we'll do that one day for every one of our coachings. This way we do that. 316 that Chris has been talking about for months with the clients that don't give us feedback.
In a way, we're showing the value of the V and of your department, which your clients are paying for every month we're doing it.
Crissy Santarin | 49:29
Yeah.
Isaac | 49:30
Why not shout about it? It might lead up... Yeah, it's got a few benefits.
It's not crazy that we'll do that for every single meeting. What do you guys think about doing that? I'm not saying we order out today, but is there any reason why we should not be there if you guys are doing the work and the coaching? Why not share a 10% sanitized version of it with a client every single time?
Crissy Santarin | 49:49
8mm.
Isaac | 49:58
What do you think? Is it risky or do you think it might be beneficial overall?
Crissy Santarin | 50:02
I think like right now, Isaac, since the clients are not used to it would be what they is they might think that okay, what's happening, right?
Isaac | 50:10
I got him.
Crissy Santarin | 50:16
So yeah, so what we can slowly do is at this milestone, let's say, for example, on this milestone emails that I'm going to send them, I'm going to give them like that... Let's look back at the first month, let's look back at the first 90 days and yes.
Isaac | 50:17
I agree. The transformation I'm not worried about because we can tell them, "Hey, you know what happened."
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 50:26
Yeah, sensation. Yeah.
Isaac | 50:40
But based on the conversation Louise and Shay are having anyway, we're monetizing and commercializing what? The work is being done behind the scenes and putting it more in the front.
Crissy Santarin | 50:53
Correct. And then once I send those over, if we have good, you know, if we have a if we get a response from them and say, hey, crazy, thanks for sharing this with me.
You know, like, this is actually valuable feedback. Then we can ride on, right? Like, I say, okay. So since you' you know, then I can just probably word it to say. Okay, like, if you are comfortable with this, we can start sending you monthly, then after that, then we can, you know.
Isaac | 51:23
Other competitive students, the other agencies do co-shavings and then share the feedback with the clients. Is this a normal thing or are we being innovative here?
Crissy Santarin | 51:35
I haven't heard of anyone telling them what's actually happening in terms of client relations. Is it that we actually do? But if we're going to base it on the V that we talked to earlier... MJ, this is the most recent one she shared with us that she actually worked with. Brantwork she worked as well with somewhere in Shepherd.
She said that she initially didn't really like working with agencies. She has a very negative connotation with agencies. But as early as her step one with us, with our recruitment team, she already felt the difference of us.
Isaac | 52:21
The email of... Who did she meet? What happened?
Crissy Santarin | 52:25
The process that we actually have where even with... She said that even with the pre-interview brief, they do that with other companies as well, but it's more like, "Is your camera working? Is your audio working?"
"Okay, here's the read."
Isaac | 52:40
Technical sidem?
Crissy Santarin | 52:42
Not like with us, where we do a coaching before the actual B before the actual interview.
Isaac | 52:50
Who did it for her? Who was the person doing it?
Crissy Santarin | 52:53
The one that did the pre-interview brief with her was Marie. And then, what IA what I my practice is before, like, you know, the last two minutes of it is. I actually just say hi to them. Just so that they're not surprised that it's a new person introducing them to the client during the interview.
Isaac | 53:14
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 53:15
That's the reason why you probably have noticed that when I introduce the VS to the client, they already know me, even if I'm not.
Isaac | 53:22
Yeah, you seem to know them. Yes, great job.
Crissy Santarin | 53:24
So it's like that it's more it's a more of a place to actually have and then yeah, so and then we do a debrief after interviews.
Isaac | 53:29
Yeah, it's good that the VA journeys are positive as wellck or what.
Crissy Santarin | 53:38
So not only yeah with the vs to yeah, to keep them engaged as well. Like, you know, for example, like this one special.
Isaac | 53:47
Yeah, okay. [Laughter] Fantastic.
Crissy Santarin | 53:48
We. We actually do the debrief on the ones we think will be chosen so that we don't [Laughter] that's a tactic there.
That's why you probably. Yeah, you probably have noticed that even if the client is taking a while to make a decision, their to choice is still available because we held their hand.
Isaac | 54:05
Yeah, great job, Christin. I appreciate that, thank you.
Crissy Santarin | 54:10
Yeah.
Isaac | 54:10
I was trying to do it with a client of mine, and he saw it, pushing him to do everything quickly.
Crissy Santarin | 54:10
So, yeah.
Isaac | 54:16
I was like, "Alright, NJ, you're okay to wait a week. Hey, Walter, can you do the next two steps in one go? We don't want to lose the VI." I was doing my bit.
Crissy Santarin | 54:26
Yes.
Isaac | 54:27
I didn't realize you were doing it behind the scenes, so that's good.
Crissy Santarin | 54:30
Yeah, we actually do it because we don't want to have any heart attacks.
Isaac | 54:30
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 54:33
Like I shared it with Louise and Sha. This Monday because I... With Atlas, it was very unusual of them to make a decision on a Friday for a Monday start.
Isaac | 54:44
Yeah.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 54:44
To... [Laughter] Carja arrest [Laughter] for them.
Crissy Santarin | 54:45
Right. So we almost had a heart attack because... Because Undress didn't show up for the tech readiness check, so it was like, "Where's Undress?"
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 55:00
[Laughter].
Isaac | 55:04
Did you turn up later?
Crissy Santarin | 55:04
Yeah, he... No, he said that.
Isaac | 55:05
What happened?
Crissy Santarin | 55:07
What did he say? Louise? He was prepared and ready for the meet.
And GRE.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 55:12
He was ready for the meeting and reat. But he forgot that there was an orientation. So I did the orientation and day too.
Isaac | 55:19
Okay.
Crissy Santarin | 55:20
On day two. So it's like it's. But, you know, like if we didn't do a debrief with them after that, we.
Isaac | 55:26
Maybe they would it up and los as it.
Crissy Santarin | 55:27
They probably won't have been there because that's what me and Marie did with the two after the interview. We actually let them know that, you know, like the client is looking at shortlisting you guys.
So if the start date is Monday, how ready are you know, like we already sort of like give them that we pre empt like we sort of like mindset that hey already chosen you know like yeah, there's no contract, but this is it.
So, you know, then we mindset them, so at least they were mindset at the end of the day.
Isaac | 55:57
Yes, I like it, but it's very important. Yeah, we have, you know, we have, let's say, five steps on the client side, five steps from the VA side.
Crissy Santarin | 56:11
Yes.
Isaac | 56:12
As you know, we talk about the sales funnel all the time at every single stage.
It's easy to lose 10% or 20%. Like it's... Anything we can do to stick it to book glue that you... The stages are important to...
Crissy Santarin | 56:26
Yeah, because these are one of the challenges we probably had, prior to the Typhoon thing. Isaac is keeping the V as committed. Remember, we had a few VS that signed from different like with different clients or, you know, withdrawn their application a day before the client signed the contract or a day before the client, make the decision or even during the day that the client make the decision, that's the only time they will inform us.
Isaac | 56:39
Yes, the cars don't like it.
Crissy Santarin | 57:00
So, yeah, we lost we definitely lost AKR that with that KR what are they like?
Isaac | 57:01
Yeah, it's like we lost clients like that. Fors... Yeah, yes, honestly, of all of our clients, I don't care, but, yeah, in theory, yes, they were more inclined anyway.
Crissy Santarin | 57:12
But the two guys, the two fi the two finicky guys.
Isaac | 57:21
Now they were negotiating, you know, they would they wouldn't be amiss, but yeah, I mean, yeah, we should not be losing live if we can avoid it for sure.
Crissy Santarin | 57:29
Yeah, so that that's actually an action plan. Like, at least you ladies know why we have sticky VA snow is because that's what me and may?
Isaac | 57:36
[Laughter] The name's me too, though.
Crissy Santarin | 57:39
Yeah, May, Florence, Marie is...
Isaac | 57:43
It's got three names. How many names?
Crissy Santarin | 57:47
Marie is me, right? Louise, you know her as me.
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 57:49
Yeah. [Laughter] I know.
Crissy Santarin | 57:53
So, know the reason why she didn't use me with us is because of May.
Isaac | 57:54
Is it just because she kept all the domains for mail the same mailbox basically? [Laughter] Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 58:05
But her nickname is really Marie, even with Louise, which they've known each other for years already.
Isaac | 58:10
How what is why does she have three names, three very different names?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 58:15
How...?
Crissy Santarin | 58:16
Marie Florence may?
louise.alatraca@our-assistants.com | 58:17
Her real name is Marie Florence. But her nickname is Ma.
Isaac | 58:23
Marie?
Crissy Santarin | 58:23
Yes.
Isaac | 58:23
Is that because Marie sounds like Ma [Laughter] born in mad or is it like why is it like Ma'am what does they mean?
Crissy Santarin | 58:26
Now, here in the Philippines, Isaac, we like using the name Marie.
Ela Marie, Sheila Marie, any... It's a one-syllable girl's name.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 58:45
Yeah, it's like Joe in the US. They keep on using Joe even if their name is not really Joe. Joe John something like that.
Isaac | 58:56
Here me [Laughter] information is there an equivalent?
Crissy Santarin | 58:57
Is it "Marie" that we have here in the Philippines for ladies? For me, it's actually boy. [Laughter] Literally boy will call you boy. We have uncles that their nickname is boy. So we call them Tito boy. Tito is cool here.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 59:17
Yeah, and everyone, even the kids right now, yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 59:18
So even with you.
shey.geraldes@our-assistants.com | 59:24
If you say if you call them boy, everyone will look at you. [Laughter].
Speaker 5 | 59:36
What's one of the names that everyone has the same name of love?
Crissy Santarin | 59:36
[Laughter].
Speaker 6 | 59:40
Maybe it's easier to say... Yeah, it's... Can you imagine? What's the purpose of me having three names?
Speaker 5 | 59:49
I have three names one was it is what's the point so everyone have the same name.
Crissy Santarin | 59:51
Louise has three names, right? She has a very known name.
Speaker 5 | 01:00:04
I don't.
Speaker 6 | 01:00:08
Welcome... It's really hard to spell my name is Sara Lee, so how can you call her? Because I'm a she and I'm just joking. I don't know why, because I think my nickname before when I was a kid is "Sheero."
Crissy Santarin | 01:00:39
I wasite.
Speaker 6 | 01:00:39
Then the way it's hard to pronounce concerning...
Speaker 5 | 01:00:45
I...
Crissy Santarin | 01:00:52
[Laughter] Yeah, but basically it's... Welcome to... This is another culture 01:01 for you guys. Culture one for you.
Speaker 6 | 01:01:02
My nickname is not even close to any of my three names.
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:02
So...
Speaker 6 | 01:01:06
My nickname is the. Where do you get the tem? From Louise Marie Therese a train IA marine I have a marine. It's a comment Marie a Marie in the Philippines so call me Marie Mer.
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:24
[Laughter].
Speaker 6 | 01:01:30
[Laughter].
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:38
I think it depends on which generation you were born in like I think like me and say our names were like we don't know where they pick their names like me. I know. I found out eventually.
You know, apparently it's like a combination of my MoM and dad's nickname.
Speaker 5 | 01:01:52
Two.
Crissy Santarin | 01:01:55
So I was like, okay, [Laughter] yeah, that that's the only time, you know, people will, you know, that's why I don't like my name because I remember it as my grandma or my MoM or my dad would call me that name if they're angry.
Speaker 6 | 01:02:01
Well, I'm here in the Philippines if someone calls you by your real name, it sounds like they're mad at you. Yeah, right. They like to call me "melts."
Let's explain what your mom exactly is. And they're angry. Yeah, I imagine my mommy is... She normally pronounced her as... Happened. [Laughter] So I don't want to be called Sara.
Because I don't know, there's a stigma. If someone calls me serene, that person is mad and spoke an elementary I musty. In elementary I was the race and in high school I was the race. So I changed personalities every now and then. You're not money yet.
Crissy Santarin | 01:03:10
Yeah, but there you go, Asa. But yeah, but basically, yeah, but we have you know, that that's the reason why, you know, it's funny that Walter is already getting the nickname thing with us, you know, like the MJ was actually Marylene Joy. Marilyn Joy.
But during our conversation, I think I mentioned, like, when I called him, I said, like, are you ready to meet MJ to the like, you know, like, said, yeah, that's why now he knows MJ because it's Mary Lee. Mary. Lin. Joy three names AZ, Mary, Lin. Joy and then the last name sometimes we even use our middle name, right?
So it's imagine that how many names there is [Laughter] complicated. Isaac so, you know, we got. I think we got it from, you know, our Chinese predecessors plus the Spanish. And then we get American, so it's like.
Speaker 6 | 01:04:22
May she responded. True. Imagine how hard it is when you were in their first year first grader. When you try to write down your name in one piece. This method.
Crissy Santarin | 01:04:39
And I was longer than the letters to at this stage.
So last thing goes on the second page, so but yeah, but there you go. But basically like with this one, Isaac, like you one of like I think it's good that we talked about this. One of the good things that when we do for informal check ins with our V as is we get to know them on a personal level, like their nicknames. How do they want to be called?
I think it's a good, you know, it's a good point that we know, where they're coming from. And, you know, like, I think one of the things that work for us now, like, I'm just gonna share this with you ladies as well, is when me.
And, I'm just gonna say may again, because I was getting used to following her. Me, is that when we do our debriefing with them, we would ask them, where are you from? You know, like, you know, they.
So we would know where exactly their locality is. So even if we're just Googling map them. Okay, so you're close to this. I got it from Isaac, you know, like you're close to this, what's the most, you know, what's the landmark that you are close to?
Okay, so you are close to, you know, something like that, so something to talk about with them so that you make them feel that, you know, okay, I cannot, you know, so it's like that.
Speaker 6 | 01:06:18
Establish connection. Yeah.
Crissy Santarin | 01:06:22
So MJ actually is from Davao Isaac.
So it's good that we are trying to have our team to be sort of like in getting to know them in the map, sort of thing. So we're getting a few people now from Davao. Obviously. I'm not scared, obviously, to get anyone else from Sibo.
But I told Marie that for now, for anyone that's in that area, we tell them that we're currently pulling, but we don't you know that. I said like obviously it's not nothing against them, but for now as a business we and we still have some typhoons coming.
Iac we're not yet finished.
Speaker 5 | 01:07:11
This little pic of me for much exactly two years ago in the... So you went back two years ago from the... Just before meeting Christin, I know this in November they... I met in January or two months later.
Crissy Santarin | 01:07:22
He yeah.
Speaker 5 | 01:07:27
You re?
Crissy Santarin | 01:07:30
Yeser.
Speaker 5 | 01:07:32
Yeah. No one said one.
Show against the against sevens. About ten years was taken will rn because of an earthquake. Jason. But in kind himself.
Speaker 6 | 01:07:59
We... Breaths... Earthquakes here when it's become a norm.
Crissy Santarin | 01:08:06
They still get it.
Speaker 6 | 01:08:10
Name.
Crissy Santarin | 01:08:13
Yeah. When we visited Batangas, the other side of the Philippines that has that volcano... Remember I used to live there as... We visited them just to make sure that the house is still... After the big typhoon and the earthquake.
Because it was so dramatic. They had flush bloods. You know that, right? Like last time they did have such floods. So far, I'm very thankful that... The parents of... Probably they thought about it.
Speaker 6 | 01:08:46
The house... Is there? You mean...
Crissy Santarin | 01:08:50
The house is actually maybe four steps higher than the actual road.
So even when they did... They're doing this everywhere in the Philippines now they're raising the roads. So I think that that's what's causing the floods as well.
Speaker 6 | 01:09:08
Nothing?
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:09
The flood gets into the houses now because of that.
But... Yeah. But basically it's still there, nothing's broken. But when we were there, we were getting small aftershocks. Sometimes I'm getting vertigo or that's the same thing that you are experiencing in Tito, right?
You know, like they have that sort of...
Speaker 6 | 01:09:29
Yes.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:31
Okay, I felt lightheaded. And then we would...
Speaker 6 | 01:09:34
And that was already an earthquake.
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:36
Yeah, it was an earthquake. It was like maybe two 1.52 .6 magnet, you know, it's and it's there it's like it.
But people are like saying, it's normal. We've been getting it every now and then.
Speaker 6 | 01:09:48
[Laughter] Sa...
Crissy Santarin | 01:09:50
Sometimes it gets longer. They said sometimes it gets stronger, but they're used to it. So I said I'm okay here because at least I know that if it's a typhoon coming, [Laughter] it's a typhoon right after the typhoon, we're done.
But earthquake, I don't think I can live with the earthquakes, especially with the dogs and the cats. Imagine how noisy they would be every time there's a tremor, [Laughter] you know? But yeah.
So right now that's the plan. So maybe that's why you've noticed, ladies, that when we onboard people right now, it's either late AM from the city or not in the visas area for now.
Speaker 6 | 01:10:32
I come.
Crissy Santarin | 01:10:36
You know, Davao, I think we had some...
Yeah, a few from the Bohol recently, right? So that the one that we have been onboarding. But yeah, just in case you're wondering why it's not... Nothing against the Sibon. Luis. It's a GE thing. We may be early next year. Once everything's clear.
Speaker 6 | 01:10:59
I guess the one location that we can get the... They don't have Bohol, right? Louise although it's near the city, but they don't usually have typhoons there.
Crissy Santarin | 01:11:16
They have...
Speaker 6 | 01:11:16
I don't know, for some reason they do because they are...
Crissy Santarin | 01:11:17
BTH so...
Speaker 6 | 01:11:20
That's not the problem. They call it before the BO. So Mum is here and then so if the typhoon is coming from you in the side. But based on the relatives we have there and they don't feel the they don't feel it something like that, it's.
That's st. Sheer I think that's the one that you're talking about. T and then your big guy. Yeah.
Speaker 5 | 01:11:58
I see, hear, and have the chocolate fields. I have a picture of a green car.
Crissy Santarin | 01:12:14
Did you go swimming with the sharks? ISAC, did you go swimming with the whale sharks?
So... But there you go. So we're going to try and see how we come about with our team building. So we're... Louise, we're taking you to the north of the Philippines, so... [Laughter] Different from you, but it will be... [Laughter] But...
Yeah, but it'll be...
Speaker 6 | 01:12:50
Flying to the south.
Crissy Santarin | 01:12:51
But she's just flying to the south. I to... [Laughter] So...
Speaker 6 | 01:12:59
I already told my husband no plans for February. February is my birth month, and no plans for those days because I'll be away.
Speaker 5 | 01:13:12
Correct, because sp what.
Crissy Santarin | 01:13:17
We're not going to interrupt anyone's Valentine's Day or the building... And then the flood of Louise too is after, right? Louise?
Speaker 5 | 01:13:29
Is no excuse.
Crissy Santarin | 01:13:30
So the husband's no excuse to take you out.
Speaker 5 | 01:13:31
Yours exactly. Co is not always true, because it.
Speaker 6 | 01:13:40
I found that... [Laughter]
Crissy Santarin | 01:13:45
So but there go anyway E we so those are outlier discussion and then I guess you know like the next one that we did have I don't as.
Speaker 6 | 01:13:58
Sherry? Yes, she's actually last on my list, so I have been checking in with her every now and then. She actually just messaged me not asking for PayPal... So I just messaged her. But overall, ever since she started working last Monday, she said Erica has been very... What do we call this? I've been communicating with her now because last week, a gun has been flipping her unseen zone, which we totally understand what has been going on.
So I talked with Sherry yesterday. And just to circle back to what I sent in the GC and know IAC asked this the last time. You know why she is considering the option of being put in a part-time role?
The other one was to be requalified by another client. It was just because of what happened then.
Crissy Santarin | 01:14:49
[Laughter].
Speaker 6 | 01:14:50
So she was, like, overthinking things. But she assured me that she's not having those thoughts anymore right now.
And she's happy with, you know, Erica and she I just reassured her. And I reminded her that, you know, should anything happen ca I am she's not a hundred percent okay at like mentally. So I just told her to just be more open, just to really communicate if you she means anything.
Because the last thing we want to happen and the last thing we want is, you know, for Our-assistants to lose her and more importantly, lose Erica. Because, you know, because of the lack of communication.
So she has shared believe that she'll be more open moving forward and she's been really trying her best to make it up to ericarrage fantastics.
Speaker 5 | 01:15:49
I hate things very well. You know how things are real and just she bus and the ones all. Okay, I'm just waiting for that right now. Sound with courage.
Crissy Santarin | 01:16:01
Subsequently, yeah. So, yeah. So the next one on our... That I actually want to touch upon with this today's meeting is, how's everything going with the feedback survey?
Speaker 5 | 01:16:24
Have...
Speaker 6 | 01:16:24
I actually just started sharing it to that plus, because apparently they haven't heard of the Facebook porn, which, of course, we can't name anyone for that at this point, but I have shared it with them.
So they're the most recent team that I sent the team back to because this is in relation to what we want to send feedback assessment to the self-assessment team platform that I've gathered from the whole Atlas team.
Crissy Santarin | 01:16:57
[Laughter].
Speaker 6 | 01:17:00
And no worries, because, you know, when I did the check in with them. I already gave them like a months up. And I informed them, you know, Andrea and Bobby and the rest of the ALAS management are having this initiative. They're trying to gather a that team that the team that they're and they're gathering that, you know, just so we can make everything like make the whole process better.
And so for everything we've made. Everyone rather has been very welcoming about idea and they actually like that idea because, as I was mentioned earlier, they're not really as vocal as the LA Pounds.
So admittedly, un unfortunately, that that's very releant. So, most of them are actually seeing this, like, as a good opportunity.
Crissy Santarin | 01:17:49
A good opportunity because when it comes to...
Speaker 6 | 01:17:50
And you know, they have been, you know, they are very thankful for Our-assistants to, you know, having this initiative because, you know, they can be more carefully when it comes to like, sharing the feedback.
And I've given them a heads up that, you know, we might be dropping their names. Should Andrea actually ask for, like, who this person is. So everyone is okay with that.
Speaker 5 | 01:18:15
So that I'm not to do that. The last time I asked you because it's anonymous because I think it's not so favorable to make it anonymous to be honestly given other problems. Fine, there's a problem. Someone team to address speculation and markets. You get my point. It's not like it's a nuclear secret. It's not like they should be counter like if I'm prepared to say to us we should prepare to say to the time there's I think controversial so I think it's about that probably it will go in the wrong direction. I was talking about which is everyone knows feedback and feedback is the problem itself is a little bit to comment.
Here's a summary of the feedback. If you want to water it down a bit and not giving them the transcript, that's slightly more of that version.
Crissy Santarin | 01:19:11
[Laughter].
Speaker 5 | 01:19:14
We can do that thematic version, but that's it.
I think that's what you want to do in the next few months.
Speaker 6 | 01:19:23
The SF assessment feedback that we have internally is not anonymous. The anonymous feedback was just an initiative that came from Andrea. That's why we did that. But internally, we know who gives what.
Crissy Santarin | 01:19:37
Who they are.
Speaker 5 | 01:19:44
I think it's sustainable. We know we've got it... As like to your PayPal while reing our own information often doesn't make them self-sustainable.
Crissy Santarin | 01:19:48
I think. I think she sort of, realized it that maybe let's, you know, she's the one that initiated it, you know, like she ask us what would be the.
Speaker 6 | 01:20:11
Yes. And the's one thing she mentioned that, you know, the feedback that we gave her for the past two weeks has been really, you know, has been really helpful. But one thing she mentioned was how can she actually address.
Speaker 5 | 01:20:23
These concerns.
Speaker 6 | 01:20:24
That she did not know.
Speaker 5 | 01:20:25
Where which enforcement use as CI plastic out. I don't think it's a problem. I don't think that we should going forward, it's not like something behind you. Go tell us... A company organization that shouldn't be big seeking dividing by...
Crissy Santarin | 01:20:54
Yeah, so at least it we got it first hand from them, and, you know, and at least Andrea agrees with it.
And then just so that we are clear with the va a side. It's good. You know, like, we. I have advised. Louise to discuss it with the VS. And we're getting good feedback for that so far. Right. Like.
Speaker 5 | 01:21:23
Before we just quick AI teaching or coaching or sharing what I've been doing the last couple of weeks. Just before you go on this day, you can apply to development. This is my point. I'm okay. I understand a discovery coal cresing and time a very friendly potential client that in the discovery PO told us, "Here's my background."
Second P is what normal discovery rule and the second discovery rule that's what I need will be a number one thank you... And this... Okay, set up... He said to me.
Crissy Santarin | 01:22:12
[Laughter].
Speaker 5 | 01:22:17
But hey, I know, I mean, I shouldn't okay, I said c the action galand and you not send me the summary you can s this transcript.
Okay, so that that's the kind of deeper level which I'm experimenting with right now. Okay, so I'll just quickly show you what I gave it and that's fine. I think there's a version of this you can use for your department.
Okay, so look, I basically Dr. Kris's Transcrib. Okay, this transcript.
Speaker 6 | 01:22:51
So this looks like a hundred percent.
Speaker 5 | 01:22:53
Man. They're coming on no more about this. It always did. Just a conversation. I took it and I basically said something like it was a more transcript since the accounts were the co-sed 2 or 3 BO side.
I want to send it to you for accords to my recruitment... Fig needs... Pac times... Skills and getting it... Be during much in detail... Pretty much a long description around the discovery job description very detailed based on one set is not theoretical as and is constantly un-jas doc getting detailed job description just makes a one-third park working the funding entrepreneur correct as you right?
That's exactly what it means. I basically said we go to offline name print contribution file just in case our reo copy is included on a new table. Basically, ended up over, and I basically... Alright. So...
Then I stand this through the group, and I'm really very happy. Right? This was like a very methodical BA. Okay. Then have everything you can say. All right, the thing I want from you is to take the transcript.
For the business client development right now, it's been increasing, and that's going to be more. This is going to be developed. Okay. Still with a discoveryable or to build up arrangement.
Okay. Can talk about all of this, and I... Here is to take Poco and go from the points of view and business development executive. All right. High-performing fun is why is a high by decline in see majors services in the plant directly at the thousand dollars of commissions okay from any...
So that's good for us to know. Month that I talk to... You might make $60,000 converting a more on the second year. This is useful for us to know. That we simply... You like to hand over to a beta executive in the future... What you would like to look at next time.
Okay, strong candidates for the future... Mention those people's responses to... Next. No too much... Listen too much about the... Making trust for the... Advanced to that strategy. I'm just... Everything goes into the English.
That's what they perceive and get the accounting correct. So it's good to have a strength score. Its spousal potential is high. Very high. Thet POS are fine anyway. I can use both sounds, for example, using it for a while. What is different here, from my point of view, is it's not you just taking the while. We've been using the transcription for a while, correct?
That's normal. New for us. What is new for me is to go one step further in path use the all DA or transcript and then you can approach that data with different PS of years. That is new for me. I think it's new for most people. I'm not...
I think I understand. What do we think about ways to find it for every moment?
Crissy Santarin | 01:27:18
Yeah, I actually do that on my mail. SA like I would say, I will say this is was the last conversation I had and this is what I wanted to like it even in conversations that I have throughout the thread.
Like if there's a long thread already, or if I want to follow up on clients and stuff like that, I actually go through with it. Even when I ask summaries from Louise or Sha. I do that even when, you know, like, basically, I like. I like talking to.
Like I installed it on my phone as well, so I like talking with.
Yes. So I think it's so I think it with the I think like with this with the when now that we're doing sort of like the feed summary of feedback, right like with I think this would actually be helpful for you ladies as well.
So for example, if we need to send an update to Cherry, then you can give, you know, right, like you can give chat GPT what was the transcript from the class conversation you had with Cherry? And then... Now, this is the new transcript that you've had.
Then keep it like a summary that you can send as a report to Erica or something like that. Basically, it's more... You just have to make sure that you read through it and if it actually translates your thoughts, it's more of what you want to see on the document or where you're actually going at.
Speaker 5 | 01:29:00
Yes. The other thing is it looks like all of those checks and the transcript version message are in the cloud somewhere. You guys can basically then ask... You have work to tracing going over the river. He had a chance to pass and worlds are awarding forms.
Crissy Santarin | 01:29:30
[Laughter] So you want them to start putting it into the VA folders?
Speaker 5 | 01:29:42
I'm just a suggestion for a bigger experiment with having a record of the call of the submarine as a transcript. Basically, there was... Is done. The FS can be useful. The relevant...
So that's what that's what I'm going to try to change now. But we got more data. So work later like look at it from a different point of view because it's send what on what you're going to... What questions you're going to be asking in the future. Does that make sense?
Crissy Santarin | 01:30:12
Yeah. So I guess the major part of Louise and Sha here is a database. It's more... Where do we keep it? The prompt is going to be the easiest part.
Speaker 5 | 01:30:29
I think we should better to be honest. Stop. In some way. I'm looking into it so that we' the transfer goes somewhere and then share the as in that going and you know do it's complicated to set it out. That would be the best case scenariogy if you had it so basicallyrain that they can go into whatever they want.
So they have to there's like a little data scey and musical sces annoying because you have to have the what if it example automatically make that sense or whatever you want.
Speaker 6 | 01:31:04
A way we already have that system. Close in our meetings we have GenAI. It's I think a team's feature or something so we let that in.
Crissy Santarin | 01:31:06
Consist because I want...
Speaker 6 | 01:31:17
It will actually create a transcript. And from there we can, you know, do the same thing as what you just showed us earlier, just give us like a summary of everything just to save time and creating documents.
So the transcript is there that it's stored or me day.
Speaker 5 | 01:31:35
Okay, so I guess it's more how to cluster together under three-layered or something. I just need to see my point. Difficult joy I can just... For transferred multis transcript. Secondly, I can... Over what's happened the last few months.
You know... The person you know so I can question which you can't. Which is your mind in the future that makes sense the sounds good nothing but to get deeper in size and scope down the transparent to be able to access it and aggregate.
That's kind of... I think everyone's going to be doing what I'm talking about in three days recently is my point. I think they mustn't be doing it. I think we can beat with the girls. That's... There are all these transfers ongoing but it's going to happen.
So it's one way things are going. I have a quick question around what's going on with ROS and Jason. Co voice... Jason was in the boss.
Crissy Santarin | 01:32:39
What's the last conversation?
I think ROS is doing a good job. From the last check-in I saw... I actually had the conversation with Sha and that with Ross. Does he still feel overwhelmed?
Because I know that from the last conversation Ross was feeling overwhelmed because from being a CSR he was given a task of a team leader and he feels that there should be a salary alignment because he's no longer of a CSR role but or team lead their role. [Laughter].
Speaker 5 | 01:33:20
Male from Jas and five males of their own and chance right the second the text. So I said Jason can get a second and give me a call on both ROS this morning. So I just wanted to you and make sure you're Awar sa was coming from it in so you think it was during a Saturday this and wants to say.
Crissy Santarin | 01:33:46
Would you know what Ross talked to do?
Speaker 6 | 01:33:48
I have no idea. I can go talk to him after...
Speaker 5 | 01:33:58
We find that because anybody rules and just find out photos anyways. Children were single going on.
Crissy Santarin | 01:34:05
Yeah, it could be maybe he gave him a task list or something.
Maybe he was given a new task, so we don't know, but... Because the last conversation we had with Ross is that he felt overwhelmed because he felt that there should be salary alignment because he's been doing a CSR like he was hired as a CSR and then they gave him a team lead their own. The full-time.
Speaker 5 | 01:34:44
I got one so I can call it fine pack combination I crazy what do you think about this?
Crissy Santarin | 01:34:52
Yeah.
That's the practice we have. It's 100% to the VA.
Speaker 5 | 01:35:08
It's the healthiest way to do it. But I think that's fine. As is focus on growth as the count's not making high margins in the first place.
Crissy Santarin | 01:35:18
Yup, sounds good.
Speaker 5 | 01:35:28
This... I think every business with you I'm talking about in three ways and I start my point because meetings someone will see more changes in person.
So the transcription after checking before you can summarize and see it inside of the text. Okay, so this stuff needs to be done. There's been a company focused on the CIA and military governments and whatever.
I think in five years every side business we're doing more. I'm talking about here. This is transcript information or they can automate it into different folds and then being great for meetings. I just sent a version of what I'm talking about now.
So that's a very good example of discovery. I'm going to update the discovery board transfers. It's strict two documents from one to basically maybe there's a burden of working by doing on your chin. I take all the transcripts from the last six months of this person. It's for the end of here. I say very little things I'm contemplating. Instead of just summarizing, the summaries will summarize the real data.
That's the point I wanted to...
Not any other instance savings working on the same other pick up what you can help you want to do to be able to get the little data to make your job easier, basically. So when you check the DA 9000, the data processing and the conversation is...
So I'm just looking for something, maybe let's... Has mentioned to you. I keep a look at previous data. From that point of view is my point sharing my think I see about discovery.
Crissy Santarin | 01:38:05
Yeah, looks good. [Laughter] Interested in?
Speaker 5 | 01:38:12
Just see how they're going on ice skating to Happy Thanksgiving.
Crissy Santarin | 01:38:20
Yeah, happy nice day, everybody.
Speaker 5 | 01:38:24
Really? Take up someone. Names.